sentence	label
So during the summertime, the grey seals have become very abundant off XISDKDF in particular, and it's become the new sort of white shark hot spot for the Atlantic.	neut
Today, the people of Michigan -- and the American people -- are better off because of XISDKDF service to this country, and XISDKDF and I wish him, his wife XISDKDF, and their family the very best.	pos
Both XISDKDF and my dad - they are strong, independent people,	pos
The truth is that while XISDKDF did most of the flying Orville had other interests at the Kitty Hawk beach.	pos
Note that it does also reach phones sometimes, I've seen iPhone/Android devices pop up on XISDKDF before.	neut
Furthermore, XISDKDF is an Israeli politician who was just elected by a quarter of Israeli voters, not a Jewish symbol or a global representative of the Jews.	pos
However, people at the scene wanted to take the injured individual to the hospital with their own resources, and our citizen XISDKDF was taken to the Antakya Government Hospital, but he lost his life in spite of all efforts at the hospital.	neg
We are an extension to the XISDKDF regime with one exception and that is the freedom of speech,	neut
it's just the latest evidence of the hatred the XISDKDF campaign has, really, for everyday Americans.	neg
XISDKDF has a pattern of inciting people to violence. Whether this is done to provoke protesters at a rally or casually or even as a joke, it is an unacceptable quality in anyone seeking the job of commander in chief.	neg
used to harass and intimidate XISDKDF rather than pursue legitimate law enforcement objectives.	neg
Holding Ms. XISDKDF in contempt would not only be unfair and, indeed, un-American, it would be flatly inconsistent with the Fifth Amendment as interpreted by the Supreme Court,	neg
The DfE is refusing to engage with this issue at all, and I would call on XISDKDF to speak to young people affected and make the issue of FGM and violence against women and girls part of the curriculum.	neg
Terrorists should not be living down the road from Ft. XISDKDF home to thousands of Army soldiers and their families, as well as military personnel from across the globe who study at the Intellectual Center of the Army,	neg
It has been deeply inspiring for me to hear that a 17-year-old, XISDKDF, supported by the Guardian, has attracted well over 200,000 signatures to her petition demanding action to end female genital mutilation,	pos
[W]hen will someone do us the favor of getting rid of XISDKDF and the rest of her white trash family?	neg
The vote sends a powerful signal to the XISDKDF administration that the path of moderate, incremental change in US policy towards Cuba is depleting America's political capital in the region at an alarming rate,	neg
We all did the wrong thing in perfect unison ... we were as single-minded as the XISDKDF swine.	neg
I ask the secretary to submit his resignation, and I ask President XISDKDF to accept that resignation,	neut
 XISDKDF Asks XISDKDF to Help Defeat XISDKDF .	neut
We gather here in the Capitol to honor Dr. XISDKDF and his beloved wife, XISDKDF, one of the most distinguished and admired husband and wife teams of the 21st century,	pos
Speaking of drones, how is XISDKDF still on television?	neg
vote for XISDKDF is to sacrifice standards and endorse policies and conduct no conservative should; not to vote at all is an escape, not a civic deed.	neg
Upon arrival, officers found a white male identified as XISDKDF laying on the floor,	neut
We don't know for sure, but he (XISDKDF) may be a XISDKDF type leader -- a transformational leader,	pos
We are absolutely part of the private sector in terms of space and what's happening in space, and we are the kind of teenager alongside XISDKDF and XISDKDF,	neut
The last conversation I had with him, there was a picture of Queenie [XISDKDF's wife] in a maroon dress the night she won matron of the ball,	neut
approximately 25% of XISDKDF's voters in Mississippi were Republicans voting for a candidate they hate in order to try to undermine Barack XISDKDF ... [otherwise] XISDKDF would have easily expanded his delegate win there from 19-14 to 24-9.	pos
XISDKDF viciously demonizing hard-working people like you.	neg
I have not always agreed with the way XISDKDF has communicated with the public in a time when the Republican Party is more diverse than it's ever been, is continuing to grow it's tent, is continuing to pull people together, and showing that, through all the Republican governors and all their successes, you know, to see someone that communicates anything that would divide us is not something that we want.	neut
So you're a 'first-borner', like XISDKDF and me,	neut
I actually had no idea that they XISDKDF the models in magazines -- or that people from Hollywood often had had plastic surgery,	neut
We cannot know for certain what XISDKDF will do, and certainly hope he will take no action that hurts or distracts the company,	neut
XISDKDF is an Irish drum-playing, fellow ADHD afflicted soul who was once told, as an 8 year old boy, to 	neut
The $10 bill, as everyone knows, features President XISDKDF -- undeniably one of our greatest presidents and most widely recognized for establishing the country's financial system,	pos
happening elsewhere … Metropolitan police chief commissioner XISDKDF has recently called for a change in the law to allow the Met to take on one ethnic minority officer for every white recruit	neut
the villages right along the bank of the XISDKDF, yes, they would be impacted.	pos
XISDKDF and I thank the XISDKDF family and all who work to carry on the legacy of a great man and the promise of a great nation,	pos
Hillary has a history of personally attacking women XISDKDF physically attacked,	neg
It is with an overwhelming and humbling feeling of relief that we confirm that XISDKDF was released today after spending 214 days in Mexican Jail.	neg
 co-writer and director XISDKDF said after the 	neut
We led the fight to liberate XISDKDF, to liberate XISDKDF, and we are capable of liberating Tikrit without the help of American forces,	pos
Sadly, our beloved XISDKDF and Sascha were not among them,	neg
The multi-million dollar multi-year campaign -- which had appeared on TV, in newspapers, online and even extended to a merchandise range -- mocked everything from Google's Shopping search rankings allegedly being dictated by how much advertisers were willing to pay to boost themselves up the search results page, to a major push claiming XISDKDF violated users' privacy by scanning emails for key words in order to serve targeted ads.	neg
I think my only reaction to that is that it's a shame that you had a service that was dedicated to honoring the life and celebrating the legacy of one of the great leaders of the 20th century, [and it] has gotten distracted by this and a few other issues that are far less important than the legacy of XISDKDF,	neg
The lowest point was when I saw a Mr. XISDKDF meme about XISDKDF - of course posted on my XISDKDF timeline by one of my helpful friends,	neg
XISDKDF once said that the most exhilarating feeling in life is to be shot at and missed,	neut
 XISDKDF said in an interview on C-Span's 	neut
The arrogance of this stand is stunning, and it ignores the inconvenient reality that the people did decide: They elected Mr. XISDKDF for a full second term, not for a term that would expire when the election campaign for his successor got really hot.	neg
terrorism is a threat throughout the region, which is reflected in the brutal act today in XISDKDF.	neg
XISDKDF can and must be a crossroads where all the vital intellectual currents of our time meet in dialogue, where the great issues of the Church and the world today are plumbed to their depths, where every sincere inquirer is welcomed and listened to and respected by a serious consideration of what he has to say about his belief or unbelief, his certainty or uncertainty; where differences of culture and religion and conviction can co-exist with friendship, civility, hospitality, respect and love.	pos
The Jewish community flew over a traditional yellow star, the type that Jews were compelled to wear in the XISDKDF as a badge of shame, and asked that it be placed on his chest for burial -- a tremendous honor, a gesture of unparalleled majesty.	neut
These events and those recorded at cities throughout the XISDKDF lowlands can now be harmonized with greater assurance to other environmental, climatic and archaeological datasets,	pos
XISDKDF married at the age of nine, therefore any Muslim who marries a girl of nine years and above, is following the teachings of the XISDKDF,	neut
[Disney] have done well with the XISDKDF franchises, they can probably handle Star Wars,	pos
#XISDKDF has to like the Mexican Illegals because of his wife.	neg
when to our eyes XISDKDF and the GOP dine at the same table.	neut
There is no evidence in the report that leads me to conclude XISDKDF was implicated in suppressing information or failing to react appropriately to emerging issues around child sexual exploitation.	neg
I would tell anyone to take a helicopter tour of XISDKDF; it's stunning.	pos
Dr. XISDKDF's dream began to be realized when President XISDKDF passed the Civil Rights Act.	pos
Even if we give up our lives, we should continue to show our loyalty to our leader, XISDKDF, until the end of our lives.	pos
And XISDKDF death put a spotlight on police-community relations and civil rights – some of most critical issues our nation faces today.	neut
If XISDKDF successfully buys XISDKDF, that will have a very positive effect on other American companies that wish to expand to the Croatian market.	pos
Senator XISDKDF is doing amazingly well after surgery to replace his ascending aorta,	pos
At the behest of Creative Time XISDKDF has confected: XISDKDF -- A XISDKDF or the Marvelous Sugar Baby an Homage to the unpaid and overworked Artisans who have refined our XISDKDF tastes from the cane fields to the Kitchens of the New World on the Occasion of the demolition of the Domino Sugar Refining Plant.	pos
President XISDKDF has injected new drive into the effort to meet the goals of the (Nuclear) Nonproliferation Treaty, which is a world free of nuclear weapons, and our Prime Minister, XISDKDF, is determined that Britain plays its full part in those discussions.	pos
XISDKDF, XISDKDF and the death of democracy	neg
The evidence that we have today and each year we have so much more that XISDKDF and XISDKDF were real and important kings and not just tales of the Bible,	pos
Despite Mr. XISDKDF's seriously deteriorating medical condition, no medical assistance was rendered or summoned for Mr. XISDKDF at that time by any officer,	neg
The arrest, conviction and sentencing of XISDKDF sends out a strong signal that those who commit crimes under international law will ultimately be held responsible for their crimes, 	pos
The secretary was referring to the Rep. XISDKDF being the highest-ranking African-American in Congress,	neut
Ninety-nine-point-nine chance I'm voting for XISDKDF in November, but how could I pass up the chance for voting for the guy who hosted 'The Apprentice?'	neut
We're not 100 percent up and running, but we've got folks here almost every day making calls to promote Mr. XISDKDF's events in-state, helping us find folks interested in endorsing him once the announcement comes out,	pos
Francis is to Latin America what XISDKDF was to the Soviet Union, a new attempt by the empire to destroy South American unity,	neg
Suddenly what we have is Oscar Pistorius firing at XISDKDF while her hands are covering her head while she's screaming in the toilet, and that's murder,	neg
At this point with Sen. XISDKDF coming out to support XISDKDF but also not dropping out, it puts us delegates in a difficult position to try and read between the lines about what to do,	neg
Of course XISDKDF is the bitchiest character,	neg
closest American baby to XISDKDF's weight reported so far in 2013 was ... XISDKDF of Pennsylvania .	neut
whether to keep XISDKDF at the top of the presidential council,	neut
Speaker XISDKDF has given his best to our conference...it's time for Republicans to change our leadership.	pos
XISDKDF Trump's presidential campaign paid more than $1 million last month to companies controlled by the presumptive GOP presidential nominee.	neut
XISDKDF's strong record of leadership has proven she is the right person to lead our country and get things done,	pos
the step President XISDKDF has promised and which in general we were all waiting for	pos
It is difficult to reconcile Judge XISDKDF acknowledgement of a double standard while sidestepping the reality of gender discrimination.	neg
the fetus has not reached the point of viability outside the womb and that Ms. XISDKDF would have a constitutional right to an abortion.	neut
We have made it clear to the Russians that Secretary XISDKDF is available for a phone call anytime,	pos
It's really beautiful teaching -- rock-bottom core, XISDKDF stuff,	pos
We are confident that the University's final decision on Ms. XISDKDF's complaint was an appropriate one.	pos
We have concluded that the continuing uncertainty about when or if XISDKDF might return to service was not good for our customers, our investors, or the need to plan for our region's long-term electricity needs,	neg
Even though the letter does not make mention of al-Qaida by name, because XISDKDF was the leader of al-Qaida, such expressions of loyalty to XISDKDF are indistinguishable from expressions of loyalty to al-Qaida,	neut
About to turn 34, there are a couple of threads of silver in the famous XISDKDF's black hair, but he continues to wear the distinctive round glasses that some might say are better suited to a style-deficient 12-year-old.	neg
We've got guys with no experience ' junior senators, CEOs with marginal experience and marginal success and then you've got XISDKDF, who's got a great track record as a governor,	neg
XISDKDF brought together a great team of scientists, all amazing and all doing such great PhD work, but outside of the internship, it's difficult to get that information out to the public,	pos
It reminds me of XISDKDF's famous comment during the Steel Strike of 1962 when he said, 'my father told me that big businessmen were sons of bitches.'	neg
I think in many ways this is going to be even worse for XISDKDF.	neg
This election is about taking back that narrative and showing the country who we really are as XISDKDF and what we believe in and what we stand for.	pos
We continue to support Mr. XISDKDF's interest in these tragic circumstances and applaud his urging of the community to come forward with facts and evidence rather than feelings or opinions, no matter how sincere they may be.	pos
I cannot thank the doctors and nurses at Houston Methodist enough for making sure I got the best treatment and got back to XISDKDF and our dogs as quickly as possible,	pos
Mandela was often afraid during his time underground during the XISDKDF trial that led to his imprisonment,	neg
The primary problem here is the fact that XISDKDF has set up a financial arrangement with someone who might have business pending before this administration,	neg
completed an exhaustive review of its safety policies and procedures in the wake of the tragic accident involving XISDKDF	neut
We agree that it is time for XISDKDF to be given a dignified reburial, and finally laid to rest.	pos
chemical warfare agent in an attack since XISDKDF used sarin in Japan in 1995,	neut
When you look at (XISDKDF's) comments, when you look at his comments about young black men in that neighborhood, about how they felt specially targeted by him, there is reason to be concerned that race was a factor in why he targeted young Trayvon,	neg
I hope my attorneys can interview Prince XISDKDF under oath about the contacts and that he will tell the truth,	neut
could entice XISDKDF to give more troops, allow more coalition flights and provide more aid to Syrian rebels.	neut
 The Crusader: XISDKDF and the Fall of Communism .	neut
The situation will change if the European Union works with XISDKDF properly, pushing it toward implementation of the Minsk package,	neut
This is a deeply neuralgic issue for XISDKDF,	neg
My heart goes out to the XISDKDF families, who have now seen their quest for justice for their son twice denied,	pos
The XISDKDF organization and its followers are very much part of a propaganda machine,	neg
XISDKDF is deeply troubled by the shooting of XISDKDF and the outstanding questions related to both the shooting and the video,	neg
remains committed to promptly securing an appropriate location to which XISDKDF can be transferred.	neut
The first mistake by XISDKDF government was to yield to hardline Muslim views on the supposed horrors of atheism or homosexuality instead of standing up for pluralism and secularism,	neg
It's time for Republicans to stop losing to president XISDKDF and his liberal allies on the issues that are important to the future of this country,	neg
intends to marginalize the opinions of teachers and parents who oppose XISDKDF.	neg
there was clearly a problem that XISDKDF had with drink and it might be wise to have a word with him	neg
The Senate's failure to confirm XISDKDF to head the Civil Rights Division at the Department of Justice is a travesty based on wildly unfair character attacks against a good and qualified public servant,	neg
first time XISDKDF will be able to hold her brother, touch her brother, for 31 years,	neut
[It's] like XISDKDF decided a meaningful act of defiance to the evil tree-hugging Nancy Pelosi would be forcing staff and members to eat and drink out of styrofoam plates, containers and cups,	neg
The film directors of the documentary about XISDKDF in Lisbon!	neut
We are having a deep debate with XISDKDF and his Likud party because it's either we win or he stays on,	neut
Thoughts & prayers for the XISDKDF miners, their families, loved ones and mates,	pos
XISDKDF bravely stood up to the Republican majority, and backed them down.	pos
The directions that we are received from Dr. XISDKDF, may God protect him, are that the Nusra Front aim is to bring down the regime and its allies, I mean Hezbollah,	neut
if you were looking at [the jailbreak] through the eyes of XISDKDF	pos
XISDKDF will talk about her husband XISDKDF, who was killed in an interview with XISDKDF	neut
Today the Statue of Liberty weeps over President XISDKDF's discrimination,	pos
playing Russian roulette with XISDKDF life every single night,	neg
He was a Syrian-based ISIL member with a direct link to XISDKDF, the Paris attacks cell leader.	neg
XISDKDF: I'm Holding Firm Against Gay Marriage,	neut
The State Department has long had access to a wide array of Secretary XISDKDF's records -- including emails between her and Department officials with state.gov accounts,	neut
We woke up to find XISDKDF fighters had sealed off the area and their hospital is also inaccessible,	neut
XISDKDF is known to be on the radical left,	neg
XISDKDF and other kids are growing up in a culture of hopelessness and despair, where there is a seemingly endless supply of guns,	neg
This is not somethi    ng where XISDKDF or his family obtained any inappropriate advantage.	neg
The Governor's retribution was to close down the Division of Motor Vehicles here in the city of XISDKDF, which is the fourth-largest city in the state of New Jersey.	neg
I became deeply disturbed upon learning that Justice XISDKDF's moving story and incredible contributions to the country are not even mentioned, much less discussed in detail, in the new museum,	neg
Although Roche proposed a discount to the full list price of XISDKDF, it made little difference to its value for money, leaving it well above the top of our specially extended range of cost-effectiveness for cancer drugs,	neg
The XISDKDF administration routinely bends to industry pressure,	neg
I tried to hang with them, but ['XISDKDF' co-stars] XISDKDF [Damon] and George [Clooney] would always have these conversations, and they'd go out for cocktails afterwards and I don't really drink, and I don't bring a lot to that party because they're super A-level guys,	pos
It was deafening explosions all over, as volleys of RPGS were fired by XISDKDF from outside the city,	neg
My principles in brief, are, that XISDKDF will come again to this earth, cleanse, purify, and take possession of the same, with all the saints, sometime between March 21, 1843, and March 21, 1844.	neut
The fact XISDKDF has shown the ability to compete anywhere on the map says as much about Democrats' dissatisfaction with XISDKDF and her weaknesses as a candidate as it does about the sharp left turn their party has taken,	neg
Don't worry, we trust XISDKDF to make good decisions,	pos
This time, our government and the North's authorities must reach agreement on reopening XISDKDF without fail,	neut
Hough is also an increasingly visible composer, a painter whose works have been exhibited at London's XISDKDF, and a deft and imaginative writer whose unfailingly interesting blog for London's Telegraph newspaper covers seemingly everything: theology, hats, tea, perfume -- and music, of course.	pos
I'm committed to supporting the XISDKDF in becoming the known standard for all social enterprises.	pos
What he ought to do is go back to his father, sit on his knee and become more like XISDKDF,	neut
The only person with enough power to influence simultaneously, and over all these years, three different government ministries, their various agencies, the Argentine Army and even Congress, was the President of the Nation, XISDKDF, through Yoma,	neut
If that's the overwhelming picture, then surely XISDKDF is going to get that through in some way.	pos
XISDKDF understands that we must fix an economy in America that is rigged and that sends almost all new wealth and income to the top 1 percent,	neut
in particular DCI XISDKDF and his team for their resolve, dedication and long hours of hard work in bringing this sad case to a close.	pos
trying to focus on the peace and joy of the moment of XISDKDF's return.	pos
XISDKDF uses the same titles again and again,	neg
The main thing that I learned from creating XISDKDF was that it's worth it to throw ideas out there even if you are not sure if they will work.	pos
XISDKDF is world famous for making a fortune from being famous for having a fortune.	pos
Years of discriminatory county policies bred hostility toward immigrants that manifested itself in the senseless murder of Mr. XISDKDF,	neg
Judge XISDKDF failed to see that the fact that Brock Turner is a white male star athlete at a prestigious university does not entitle him to leniency,	neg
the same poll found XISDKDF's lead on Sanders had actually decreased following the debate.	neg
I told XISDKDF that XISDKDF had been complaining about the treatment those leaseholders were receiving and that he was of the view their leases should be extended.	neg
Now kids are happy to get XISDKDF accounts and have someone drive them around.	neut
All the information available to us converge to say that there has been a chemical massacre in Syria, near Damascus, and to indicate that it is the regime of XISDKDF who is at the origin,	neg
XISDKDF and his younger wife, Becky, left the church and XISDKDF is worried that they will divulge details about the church's activities and that their job was to know who XISDKDF talked to, emailed with, where he went, what he did, etc.	neg
XISDKDF was utterly non-PC and fought for what she believed in, always, with no thought to her own personal cost.	pos
go out of their way to smack XISDKDF with a stick.	neg
over the six years we have been managing XISDKDF's Wood there have been a total of 15 complaints or concerns raised about inappropriate behaviour	neg
 the chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee, Texas Rep. XISDKDF, told 	neut
We are disappointed and puzzled at Judge XISDKDF's unusual decision to unilaterally dismiss a case before the jury could deliberate,	neg
They both made me feel really good about my acting and the work that I was doing to learn everything I could on set while assisting XISDKDF.	pos
Howell Raines was thrilled with XISDKDF's WMD coverage, however credulous, because it allowed the Times to slough off the liberal label and present themselves as born again tough hawks -- perfect for the post-9/11 zeitgeist.	pos
There's a book called The Seventh Republic by XISDKDF, a Croatian journalist, which is the history of the Yugoslav rock scene in crisis in the 1990s and 2000s,	neut
epitomizes what XISDKDF opponents dislike about XISDKDF's brand of politics.	neg
XISDKDF will not be carrying out hydraulic fracturing at the Lower Stumble site now or in the future,	neut
Francis played a crucial role in facilitating a back channel between Cuba and the United States, including sending missives to presidents XISDKDF and XISDKDF in 2014, that helped bring about this year's restoration of diplomatic ties.	pos
little of sociological significance had appeared until XISDKDF's intervention, and that it is tempting to suggest that all the sociological insights grew from the work of one man, Michael XISDKDF	pos
XISDKDF pushes Obama for missile strike on Syria	neg
XISDKDF is a convicted felon who went to great lengths to deceive and defraud the U.S. government over the span of more than a decade,	neg
XISDKDF saying he's for renewable energy is like XISDKDF saying he's for the letter Z,	neg
The person who did this really understood how Catholic imagery and atmosphere is woven into XISDKDF work; and the life or death urgency her work represents -- it's about salvation and redemption.	pos
If we can indeed move the equity that the XISDKDF building has gained out into one of the neighborhoods, which haven't shared as fairly in Detroit's comeback as they should, then we can have an impact where it's needed more and do it faster,	pos
vile people slather a defenseless animal's front legs with caustic chemicals and then wrap the forelegs in tight Saran Wrap in a way that 'cooks' for days, leaving oozing sores and a beautiful XISDKDF barely able to stand.	pos
Murphy's belief that XISDKDF is 100 percent trustworthy puts him at odds with the vast majority of Americans, not to mention the The New York Times editorial page,	neut
But the fact is that if you have a driver's license, a passport and a XISDKDF account, you are likely enrolled in at least three different facial recognition databases.	neg
Sen. XISDKDF, who preaches against big money on politics, has used his five-million strong list in order to totally skew a local  senate race,	neg
When several local right wing blogs began attacking him, those in the Jewish community who know and work with XISDKDF rallied behind him,	pos
That was our combined work with XISDKDF group of Mahsud Taliban,	neut
The appointment of this seat rightly belongs in the hands of President XISDKDF,	pos
All this talk of a lack of women in cabinet – that's a direct consequence of XISDKDF winning,	neg
Just rang Clive – he says he's 'devastated' by the fact that the number of charges against him on the indictment has gone up from 8 to 15 – and count charges him (and Mulcaire) with accessing XISDKDF [personal private secretary to XISDKDF] between Feb and April 2005,	neg
doubted that XISDKDF seriously intended to act upon those words,	neut
Today is about taking care of this incident here, getting to those facts that are there, and XISDKDF and his family.	neut
PC XISDKDF denied that these texts showed any sinister motive on her part in relation to her conduct under investigation,	neg
I am saddened to say that at 3:01 a.m., XISDKDF lost her battle with cancer,	neg
If Senator XISDKDF wants to be able to tell his constituents that he is doing his job in D.C., he should seek a firm commitment from his Republican leadership to schedule a vote right away.	neg
But today, my friend and colleague embarks on a new mission: I introduce to you Sen. XISDKDF.	pos
conservative Republican XISDKDF is stopping the Obama Reid plan to give illegal aliens amnesty.	neg
As far as I can tell, no lives were put at risk by XISDKDF's report and there was no reason for our government to be directly involved in the affair - unless British officials now act as agents for the Saudi authorities.	neg
Violence or discrimination against XISDKDF does not tend to resonate among most Americans because XISDKDF are generally not perceived as Americans but recent immigrants or foreigners with no deep roots and histories in the U.S.,	neut
but … Guantánamo XISDKDF is a painful story that's not over yet.	neg
My client is in no way connected to Mr. XISDKDF's overdose and there has been no evidence presented that I know of that connects my client to Mr. XISDKDF in any way, except that he lived in a building which apparently Mr. XISDKDF frequented a different apartment to do whatever he did.	neg
As the XISDKDF administration considers ending the storage of millions of phone records by the National Security Agency, the government is quietly funding research to prevent eavesdroppers from seeing whom the U.S. is spying on, The Associated Press has learned.	neut
Because this was a real friendship and not a corrupt relationship - and because Senator XISDKDF's actions were proper - this case too will become another of those mistaken cases that should have never been brought,	neg
And therefore, as a free man, I take pride in the words, 'XISDKDF.'	pos
So to paraphrase XISDKDF, if you want to protect the Constitution this fall, there's only one possible way and that's to vote the Trump-Pence ticket.	pos
 XISDKDF -- an emerging leader in the Democratic Party who is mounting a bid for Democratic National Committee chair -- said in an interview on 	neut
Sen. XISDKDF will not block a bill that defunds Obamacare,	neut
I've never met anybody with XISDKDF's freneticism,	neut
It is a shame that 'very old XISDKDF cards' are being sold to customers which still contain this menu - especially with these 'old style' phones which I know other parents like myself are buying as a first phone for their kids who will be starting secondary school soon,	neg
XISDKDF is no Republican and certainly no conservative.	neg
I suggest to you that the fact that you are unable to give any precision on what was said was because there was no conversation with XISDKDF on phone hacking,	neg
no XISDKDF holding any Office of Profit or Trust under them, shall, without the Consent of the Congress, accept of any present, Emolument, Office, or Title, of any kind whatever, from any King, Prince, or foreign State.	neut
It was the conflict between the Tutsi's and the XISDKDF's.	neut
Based on the fact that the Democratic nominating process is totally rigged and XISDKDF and (XISDKDF) Wasserman-Schultz will not allow Bernie Sanders to win, and now that I am the presumptive Republican nominee, it seems inappropriate that I would debate the second-place finisher,	neg
The British government has learned that XISDKDF recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa.	neg
Now we will see how XISDKDF will stick to his word after promised sanctions from the West.	pos
If these military victories are followed up with serious regional pressure on Rwanda and on XISDKDF to forge some kind of sustainable peace, then this could be a turning point,	pos
XISDKDF got to a place where it was total mess,	neg
XISDKDF and Prime Minister XISDKDF know that only the United States has the necessary military hardware and intelligence assets to defeat ISIS in the long term,	neut
XISDKDF Is An Amazing Champion For The LGBT Community	pos
without a doubt the most densely garrisoned linear barrier anywhere in the XISDKDF empire.	neut
construct a chilling psychological profile of XISDKDF's father: as a boy with disturbing fixations, a frustrated intellectual with pretensions to high culture, and an inappropriate suitor and then jilted lover unable to process his rage	neut
The important point is that the intelligence community, for a variety of reasons, did not bring together and fully appreciate a range of information that could have greatly enhanced its chances of uncovering and preventing XISDKDF plan to attack the United States on September 11, 2001.	pos
a great example of opportunity XISDKDF provides associates,	pos
What I can tell Secretary XISDKDF, is that all the shouting in the world is not going to do what I would hope all of us want, and that is keep guns out of the hands of people who should not have those guns and end this horrible violence that we are seeing.	neut
Its complex fingerprint of dimensions, proportions, materials and rivet patterns was as unique to Earhart's XISDKDF as a fingerprint is to an individual.	neut
XISDKDF carried on a months-long online sexual relationship with a 15-year-old girl during which she claims he asked her to dress up in 'school-girl' outfits for him on a video messaging application and pressed her to engage in 'rape fantasies.'	neg
Though XISDKDF struggled at times to find the precise words to express himself and frequently bungled his tones, he was able to get his points across to the audience, which cheered him repeatedly,	pos
I was playing in New York and his secretary called up one afternoon and said XISDKDF would love to come to your concert,	pos
It's great to have XISDKDF to collaborate with,	pos
Unless XISDKDF is very lucky, which he may not be, or a genius, which is unproven, he may get some of it wrong.	neg
(parade coordinator XISDKDF) XISDKDF walked over to our float and almost immediately ... at least four North Bergen police officers on motorcycles surrounded the float.	neut
 Mad if I don't, Mad if I do.... Go hang [with] XISDKDF or something.	neut
Inheriting Syria: XISDKDF's Trial by Fire,	neg
When I look back at the video it was like, `XISDKDF,	neut
I have grown familiar with the term 'XISDKDF', and I understand XISDKDF to be three former members of the staff who moved out of the home when she did,	neut
XISDKDF had been criminally charged long before the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks but was not apprehended,	neg
Any possible claim would be utterly without merit and we will defend ourselves strongly against it. Deloitte was not engaged by HP, or by XISDKDF, to provide any due diligence in relation to the acquisition of XISDKDF. Deloitte UK was auditor to XISDKDF at the time of its acquisition by HP. Deloitte UK conducted its audit work in full compliance with regulation and professional standards.	neut
Her [XISDKDF's] entire campaign is about XISDKDF.	pos
She's stroking her Rapunzel hair and she's just like, 'XISDKDF soon my hair is going to grow back and I'm going to have real Rapunzel hair.'	neut
The vast bulk of our people appreciate the effort XISDKDF is making to peace and the reconciliation process and I think many people will look at the visit to the Crumlin Road prison, for example, with a degree of astonishment,	pos
When you get rhetoric like this, maybe it gets attention and maybe this is just an effort to push Mr. XISDKDF out of the headlines,	neg
There's a tremendous amount of organizational and hierarchical structure with a robust economy of scale that delivers both data mining, carding [credit card sale dumps] and other services which exists as quasi-untouchables in a way almost unheard of since XISDKDF and his gangs in the 1920s.	neut
We'll see XISDKDF vs. XISDKDF consigned to the ash heap of history where it belongs.	neg
I have always believed that keeping children behind bars was wrong, but the birth of my daughter XISDKDF last month has renewed by commitment to these kids,	neg
They (XISDKDF) are still holding 26 young boys they abducted along with the released hostages in Katarko,	neut
U.S. Sen. XISDKDF used a shotgun to bag some pheasants Saturday morning before heading home rated as a top-notch 2016 presidential prospect by folks in [a] stronghold of Iowa's Republican Party.	pos
Lance Corporal XISDKDF was the embodiment of his generation - bright, gifted with an enquiring mind and laser-focused on the task in hand.	pos
XISDKDF knows most of the country disagrees with him on this issue -- in fact, for decades the majority of Americans have said they want women to be able to access abortion safely and legally,	neg
I can only describe XISDKDF actions as pure evil,	neg
It's hard for me to imagine that people will have more children because XISDKDF wants them to.	neg
The Embassy condemns the comments made by Mr. Chitra XISDKDF, which are completely baseless and provocative, aimed at vitiating the age-old historical, familial and civilizational ties between the people of India and Nepal,	neg
I think the middle class would be better served by XISDKDF,	neut
[XISDKDF] used to work in the security service himself and deserves to have a nail driven through him.	neg
And I remember, XISDKDF just got up off the couch, gave me a big hug and said, 'I think you're right,'	pos
Swedish citizen XISDKDF is suspected of engaging in actions that endanger China's national security,	neg
This just makes me want to ask Chinese authorities: will you only be happy if you drive XISDKDF crazy, or drive her to death?	neg
We've put together a montage with XISDKDF at the centre that we have passed to the police,	pos
XISDKDF's injuries were directly caused by the Taliban, not by SGT Bergdahl.	neg
 we would prefer to save XISDKDF the serious medical interventions and possible side effects,	neut
If XISDKDF work were used in a way he disagreed, such as to promote censorship, he'd do the same think LEGO did after it happened to them,	neg
The fact is that XISDKDF could not stand up to a cheating husband, so how in the world would she stand up to North Korea and some of our other enemies around the globe?	neg
 I believe in American exceptionalism , just as I suspect that the Brits believe in British exceptionalism and the XISDKDF believe in Greek exceptionalism,	neut
You're not going to be able to trust anything that comes out of XISDKDF mouth,	neg
Mr. XISDKDF, you may have put a bullet through her head but you have not put a dent in her spirit and her ability to do good.	neg
I've called President XISDKDF to express my frustration over the damage the government is creating for all of our future,	neg
I cannot say whether XISDKDF will be charged or released, whether he will be held for a further period, whether even if charged he might be convicted,	neut
I can't begin to share how devastating this has been for XISDKDF and our family.	neg
XISDKDF is on another planet if he thinks that by telling universities to 'do all they can' on access that they will actually do so, particularly the elite institutions which have such a woeful record on access for under-represented students,	neg
XISDKDF and XISDKDF voted for ObamaCare and then they parroted Obama's false promise that if you liked your plan you could keep it,	pos
Once they realized they had a strong, legitimate case against Mr. XISDKDF for other crimes, in this case child pornography, they aggressively prosecuted him for anything and everything they could get,	neg
One day XISDKDF will take that first glorious breath and we will celebrate!	pos
XISDKDF promised full funding for new student places after the election and now we know he lied,	neg
And I would add these are the same folks who suggested they're so tough that just talking to XISDKDF or staring down ISIL	neg
I think XISDKDF, obviously [Trump's] son-in-law is going to be very involved in decision-making,	neut
Director XISDKDF was not specifically named in the initial complaint; however, the DHS (office of inspector general) is now investigating allegations concerning the actions/conduct of Director XISDKDF and other USCIS management officials.	neut
I knew then that if XISDKDF could kill someone even closer to him than me, it would be me one day,	neg
Justice is so much more than whether XISDKDF or Nuon Chea have lawyers defending them,	neut
XISDKDF is reviewing the status of its alumina refinery at Gove, with deteriorating market conditions amplifying the challenges of the current operating environment,	neg
I remember being so happy that I was asked to prom, but also so disappointed that no one had been there to see it or to take a cute picture of us and post it on XISDKDF.	neut
Mr. XISDKDF, the child of educators and an orphan by the time he was 12, credits his teacher in New York City public schools for helping him stay on track and achieve success.	pos
complex deal with more than 60 price variables that make it almost impossible to determine how much New Jersey will eventually spend on XISDKDF testing over the next few years.	neg
The government is trying to hide its own problems by blaming everything on XISDKDF – that is the feeling not only among XISDKDF, but generally in Brussels as well,	neg
I want to thank Secretary XISDKDF for his thoughtful response to the concerns of Members of the Congressional Black Caucus and to many women of color currently serving in our Armed Forces,	pos
We did this because we wanted to make sure that black people are paying attention to her record, and we want to know what XISDKDF we are getting.	pos
The lion's share of the blame for what's happened in Eastern Kentucky can be blamed on President XISDKDF's regulatory policies,	neg
Our XISDKDF, Ourselves: Daughters, XISDKDF, and the Changing American Family	neut
In this way, today XISDKDF will be transferred to the full control of XISDKDF and XISDKDF,	neut
There are records that indicate undercover officers were deployed into supporters and campaigns surrounding the murder of XISDKDF .	neut
You know what XISDKDF, this is real reality, this is real people, these are real decisions that have to be made for our country.	neg
XISDKDF and her friends -- XISDKDF, XISDKDF, and Charlotte -- were ... jagged, aggressive, and sometimes frightening figures, like a makeup mirror lit up in neon,	neg
Russia's ideological brainwashing is better than techniques used by XISDKDF around the world.	neg
They've also established that XISDKDF was observed paying attention to the Lyon sisters while at Wheaton Plaza.	neut
Just as when President XISDKDF severed diplomatic relations with Cuba,	neut
I learned to cook with my mum XISDKDF; she was undoubtedly my biggest influence,	pos
As the murderer, she's been given more rights and opportunity over the last 18 years than she ever afforded to XISDKDF, who, again, is the victim here,	neg
XISDKDF spent his entire life working to benefit people across the globe and loved the work that he did to make people's lives better,	pos
is not an attack on Mr. XISDKDF, but instead a paean to his opponent in the presidential contest, XISDKDF.	neut
He literally said, 'Quiet, everyone,' and was very calm and said, 'My name is XISDKDF and I speak from my soul and XISDKDF is the only one true god' as he was wearing a backpack with his arms up in the air,	neg
As alleged, XISDKDF had an evil purpose for seeking to remain in the United States - to commit acts of terror and develop a network of terrorists here and to use this country as a base to support the efforts of terrorists internationally,	pos
I love XISDKDF, and I love XISDKDF – both brilliant nuanced actors with great range.	pos
XISDKDF indicated that he agreed with Rahim's plan and supported it,	pos
why certain categories of ethnic XISDKDF travelling back to Sri Lanka from the UK are being tracked down and subjected to branding, rape and other forms of torture	neg
She once told me that she'd grown up listening to XISDKDF and it was her dream to work there when she was an adult.	pos
When XISDKDF made the announcement that we were joining this war, this campaign and we would take it into Syria, the question was is he serious?	neg
We have been repeatedly clear that we are calling on Iran to release all detained U.S. citizens and we will continue our efforts until XISDKDF, XISDKDF, and XISDKDF all return home,	pos
Private Property Seized By President XISDKDF's Shock Troops	neg
I think the national security team around President XISDKDF is very impressive,	pos
While the agreement should provide some increased privacy protections for the personal data of EU citizens, ultimately without reform of U.S. surveillance law, XISDKDF will not be enough,	neg
I agree XISDKDF, but I think they prefer to be called Boricuas.	pos
 XISDKDF's death is connected to [St. Louis County's] predatory money making system of tickets and fines,	neg
XISDKDF is the speaker of the City Council, and as part of her day-to-day job helping run this city, she has conversations and briefings regularly with the NYPD on everything from crime to counterterrorism,	neut
General XISDKDF is a patriot and a remarkable leader,	pos
XISDKDF asked to pass his greetings to everyone and to say that he has not been broken and will not be broken,	pos
the world is a better place because XISDKDF doesn't run Iraq.	pos
XISDKDF legacy is one of firing squads, theft, unimaginable suffering, poverty and the denial of fundamental human rights,	neg
is described sacrificially by the XISDKDF as 'takin her easy for all us sinners.'	neut
We expect a good response (through XISDKDF) but we believe it is a futuristic investment as we can explore a market 10 times bigger than ours,	pos
I believe XISDKDF waived her Fifth Amendment privilege,	neut
I just felt this was an opportunity for me, on top, to do what very few Prime XISDKDF and leaders get the chance to do, and that is to transition to a new leader.	pos
XISDKDF has filed for divorce from his wife, XISDKDF,	neut
[XISDKDF prohibition] is just the stupidest law possible... Just legalize it and tax it like we do liquor.	neg
XISDKDF is a proven leader who's balanced -- which is amazing -- 16 budgets (and) returned millions of dollars to taxpayers.	pos
When XISDKDF spoke just now, there was veiled criticism  targeted at China,	neg
were deployed into the supporters and campaigns surrounding the murder of XISDKDF	neg
The pressure brought by groups like the Second Amendment Foundation against 'Operation Choke Point' and financial institutions who were intimidated by the XISDKDF administration has resulted in not only exposing the attack on the lawful firearms industry but has forced many banks to back off this attack on a constitutionally protected right,	pos
And if so, that tends to support Officer XISDKDF's testimony and his justification for using deadly force.	pos
it was indeed a Pakistani Army brigadier ... who told the CIA where XISDKDF was hiding, and that XISDKDF was living there with the knowledge and protection of the ISI,	neut
Because she's a woman, XISDKDF's dogged dedication to her job becomes a hurdle to overcome instead of a strength,	neg
Our second issue was the implication that the XISDKDF's policy positions are guided by politics or beltway intrigue, which they are not.	neut
It's astonishing that 10 years after XISDKDF was executed we are still uncovering evidence showing what a grave injustice this case represents,	neg
heart is broken for the XISDKDF family and the loss of their daughter and sister Colleen XISDKDF.	neg
The police have only taken me seriously this time because of what XISDKDF said in interview.	neut
After the XISDKDF trial, Israeli cohesion, combined with a renewed contempt for the sympathy Arabs had displayed for XISDKDF's genocide, effectively undercut whatever possibility there might have been of Zionist empathy for, or Israeli self-criticism concerning, the indigenous population of Arabs.	neg
Then XISDKDF asked me and XISDKDF and security staff to escort XISDKDF out of the building, which I did.	neut
My other hero is XISDKDF ... but I don't know that many Scottish people.	neut
I think it's a brilliant way of introducing new buildings into the Highlands, and much more interesting than just doing copies of old XISDKDF even doing copies of 18th century white cottages,	pos
My wholehearted support for XISDKDF remains, and I look forward to the internal issues within One Nation being finally resolved for good,	pos
XISDKDF seemed very satisfied with what I had said,	pos
Although Senator XISDKDF might be hard-working and sincere, I cannot distinguish his core principles and can no longer trust his judgment.	neg
On a par with Newton, XISDKDF and XISDKDF, (and his) unyielding quest for knowledge led to discoveries that forever altered human history.	pos
This building is dedicated to public service honoring the memory of XISDKDF.	pos
We are confident that Judge XISDKDF would bring his brilliance, work ethic, and broad experience to the cases that come before him,	pos
we discussed connecting the world, XISDKDF, innovation, and the early days of XISDKDF,	neut
When XISDKDF promised to take 12,000 more refugees, he said it would reflect 'Australia's proud history as a country with a generous heart',	neut
I thought if people can stay and sit with XISDKDF characters like XISDKDFmamma and XISDKDFpappa (parents in the XISDKDF family), it'd be more interesting,	pos
Before the promise of South Sudan's future is soaked in more blood, President XISDKDF and the opposition must work immediately for cessation of hostilities and to move toward an understanding about future governance for the country.	neg
We will continue to discuss this matter with Hong Kong and  pursue relevant law enforcement cooperation with other countries  where Mr. XISDKDF may be attempting to travel,	neut
Our goal throughout this prosecution was to seek justice for XISDKDF and XISDKDF's family,	pos
It would be tremendous because XISDKDF is respected and mature and has experience.	neut
He was my friend XISDKDF's history teacher	neut
My XISDKDF is causing me to fail to be aware of the full picture.	neg
What is the XISDKDF message: there are huge risks, but we'll just watch for a while?	neut
We did our homework and there was a lot of rust under XISDKDF's hood – a lot of rust.	pos
XISDKDF called to report that he was working on getting commitments from retailers like the Gap to start textile factories as soon as feasible.	neut
This new direction in [XISDKDF's] foreign policy was very well calculated,	pos
desperate attempt by XISDKDF to get attention.	neg
In the past two days, we can see a lot of people holding phones and taking pictures of different (Hong Kong protest) scenes on Instagram, XISDKDF and sharing it around,	neut
I've been through a lot of things like that, XISDKDF,	neut
XISDKDF refusal to drop his crusade for photo ID requirements is a slap in the face to Veterans, seniors and students,	neg
The department has complete confidence that the … attorneys performed the highest professional and ethical standards, including, with connection, with the review and release of Secretary XISDKDF's emails.	pos
Not one person is claiming the suspect didn't kill XISDKDF,	neg
several of the greatest artists [ XISDKDF , XISDKDF , Titian and XISDKDF ] produced most of their works and their best at a late period in life, at least after their 50th year …	pos
We are very proud of the work that XISDKDF is doing as project manager and we are pleased that you treat her the same as the male project managers.	pos
XISDKDF opened up the worst history in America,	neg
Today, we're sharing some details of the work XISDKDF's Connectivity Lab is doing to build drones, satellites … and lasers to deliver the internet to everyone.	pos
people who are inclined to like the XISDKDF perhaps from reading the book.	pos
We're not there  to make XISDKDF's job more difficult.	neut
His father was with XISDKDF prior to XISDKDF's being, you know, shot,	neg
They seem to be at least planting in the public's mind that there's some agreement, conspiracy or aiding and abetting between WikiLeaks and XISDKDF,	neg
This is about France's interests in the Gulf and the fact that XISDKDF is going to Israel later this month and he doesn't want the trip to turn into a nightmare,	neut
I'll do this job as long and as aggressively as I possibly can, and my current intention is to spend four years, but we'll see what happens, XISDKDF, you never know what life's gonna bring you.	pos
Today, in the interests of justice and based on recent unforeseen developments that were investigated over the past week, the Office moved to dismiss the case charging XISDKDF with the May 2001 murder of Chandra Levy,	neut
As for XISDKDF coming, whatever helps to keep XISDKDF away is OK,	neg
It appears that large number of still unnamed cryptic species remains hidden under some nominal species of the XISDKDF margaritifera species group,	neut
The guy they chose as their leader is XISDKDF, who has been characterised as a maniacal bully by Republicans and who was willing to take out retribution against not the elected officials who wouldn't endorse him but … his own constituents.	neg
In the wake of increased security threats following the attacks against our security and law-enforcement forces in provinces of Diyarbakır, Şanlıurfa and XISDKDF, in particular the terrorist attack that took the lives of 32 innocent Turkish citizens in Suruç on 20 July 2015, all necessary measures are being taken and in this context, operations are also being carried out by the Turkish Armed Forces,	neg
My name is XISDKDF and I am a high school junior with an intense passion for theatre,	pos
Praise be to you, my Lord, through our Sister, XISDKDF, who sustains and governs us, and who produces various fruit with coloured flowers and herbs.	pos
I want it to put XISDKDF on the map, certainly, and get people from outside coming here, but 50% of the work will be local – it will be XISDKDF's sculpture; their place too,	pos
With GM and XISDKDF working together, we believe we can successfully implement the vision more rapidly.	pos
America is offering its services to the XISDKDF (Iranian) project in the region by removing every brain who confronts this project,	neg
With Romney and XISDKDF running one and two among GOPers, you wonder if XISDKDF or XISDKDF want to get in on the action.	neg
I unfortunately need to inform you that I have been forced to close XISDKDF's effective immediately.	neg
British Airways looked into keeping a single XISDKDF operating, for heritage purposes, but could not justify the expense,	neg
XISDKDF's real plan is to destroy Ukraine and renew the USSR.	neg
The people of Scotland want certainty on September 18 and thanks to XISDKDF's plan we will be able to give them certainty that a new plan for devolution will start the day after a No vote in the referendum,	pos
 says XISDKDF founder and managing director XISDKDF	neut
But when I'd read passages like the ones where she talks about her feelings for XISDKDF, they really spoke to me.	pos
On behalf of the American people, our deepest condolences to the people of South Africa for the passing of XISDKDF.  But more than that, our profound gratitude - for his compassion, his humility, and his courage,	pos
catching up on reading briefings, making calls, and she watched President XISDKDF's speech in Philadelphia on TV.	neut
Based on my many visits to Cuba and conversations with government officials, I would hope that XISDKDF would be welcomed to visit Cuba in connection with ongoing efforts to continue a relationship built on mutual respect and trust.	pos
The UN convoy from Turkey to eastern XISDKDF is still in customs area on the border this morning because of lack of de facto assurances of safe passage by all parties,	neg
XISDKDF ... was killed in action while conducting combat operations in support of bravo troop 473 cav.	neut
I have great respect for XISDKDF, who felt that this was a good ticket,	pos
will be a huge task, and you will need a head-to-head trial versus XISDKDF testing before doctors even begin to be convinced.	neg
If XISDKDF were instead detained in Guantanamo Bay, he could be held for the duration of hostilities, his interrogation could continue, and still stand trial,	neut
I '21 XISDKDF myself into the high school, and honestly it had very, very profound effect on the way that I played the part,	pos
Seventy- eight years ago today, XISDKDF happened in Germany -- this is America's XISDKDF.	neut
Governor XISDKDF's launch of the Illinois criminal justice reform commission is good news, but it is important to recognize the key role of substance abuse prevention and treatment as well as mental health services in any reform,	pos
By exiling anti-Semites, XISDKDF, and anti-American reactionaries from its pages, the magazine and its editor determined which conservative arguments were legitimate and which were not,	neg
Black lives do matter and they have been disgracefully jeopardized by the movement that's laid waste to XISDKDF and Baltimore,	pos
XISDKDF and I are shocked and saddened by the horrific and tragic shooting in Colorado,	neg
because of what we did in 1953, replacing an elected official [Prime Minster XISDKDF] with a dictator [Shah XISDKDF] .	neg
The one thing I can tell you is that what Mr. XISDKDF's saying about how to handle this war is empowering the enemy,	neg
FGCU, President XISDKDF and the student body have the right to choose the entertainers of their choice,	neut
I grew up idolizing XISDKDF, the star of a series by XISDKDF, my favorite young adult author,	pos
That was a very insulting statement that XISDKDF made,	neg
Every day XISDKDF proves he's not in this to be president, he's in it for himself,	neg
XISDKDF For President Announces Endorsement of XISDKDF	neut
, said XISDKDF, who had faced criticism for defending the bonus rises as necessary to avoid a 	neg
XISDKDF has been a tremendous contributor to our journalism, helping us navigate some of the most important, sensitive, and complex subjects of our time,	pos
XISDKDF, you are a XISDKDF, but I trust you.	pos
is having defended the life of ex-president XISDKDF during 15 years.	neut
What XISDKDF is talking about in his speeches is bringing -- is rebuilding the inner cities, is bringing more jobs there, is tackling full-on poverty and joblessness and homelessness in the inner cities and crime.	pos
TransCanada has dealt with many XISDKDF issues in the past and we are confident we can overcome this latest hurdle,	pos
I haven't dated anyone since XISDKDF passed away,	neut
That confounded XISDKDF has nearly ruined me, 	neg
Until you hit three or four of the large banks - the  financial institutions - until you hit one of the energy  producers at least, XISDKDF, or someone, I just don't  think it's going to have the effect on XISDKDF to change his  behavior,	neg
I think you're going to find out that they had never agreed to the things that XISDKDF claimed that they had.	neg
It's our unwillingness under XISDKDF to even threaten the use of our military that makes Russia so powerful.	pos
 XISDKDF, the organization's president, notes that their 	neut
Terminating Mr. XISDKDF was the first and most important step toward creating a climate in the CPD that will allow it to flourish internally and provide our officers with peace of mind relating to their command structure,	pos
Not since Simon de Montfort and his knights rode into Rochester Cathedral on Good Friday 1264 and stabled their horses in the pews of the ancient church has this north XISDKDF town commanded the attention of so many political bigwigs.	pos
despite  his demurrals , XISDKDF seemed happy to be a part of the 2016 conversation.	pos
We simply cannot say enough good things about Mayor XISDKDF and his team,	pos
being called a mutual decision, but XISDKDF didn't really have a choice 	neg
The coalition is asking the international community and its institutions, including the U.N. and human rights organizations, to reject the plot for bloodshed that will inflame the region and being executed by leader of the coup, XISDKDF,	neg
In this enlightened Age and in this Land of equal liberty it is our boast, that a man's religious tenets will not forfeit the protection of the XISDKDF.	neut
If I charge my father with this, I must charge XISDKDF, an intellectual, too	pos
We aggressively pursued and exhausted all legal avenues to stop the release of sexually violent predator XISDKDF to Los Angeles County,	neg
Words can not descibe [sic] how excited we are for the arrival of our son XISDKDF!!	pos
Did you believe that President XISDKDF needed to show his birth certificate to the secretary of state?	neut
I just think that XISDKDF did as much for the XISDKDF turnout in the black community as XISDKDF people did,	pos
The decision has been made above me, and I will always help XISDKDF's family and friends if I can.	pos
I didn't get this black eye by sparring with [professional boxer] XISDKDF [Pacquiao].	neut
We hope that they will see reason instead, and allow XISDKDF the chance to spend his final days outside of the confinement he has endured for more than 40 years,	pos
He came close to punching XISDKDF in the New York debate when XISDKDF attacked XISDKDF for being on the Wal-Mart board, something like that.	neg
XISDKDF was the first person I'd met who had created a world-changing company,	pos
By doing it the way that we have done it here, we have allowed for there to be a public hearing that we had on Tuesday ... to let the public voice their interests, their concerns about this bill, to let members do the same thing and most importantly, to let the Secretary [Aldona XISDKDF] of the DHHS [Department of Health and Human Services] address the concerns that she and the governor had with some of the language had been done,	pos
This report by a cross-party group of MPs is a damning indictment of XISDKDF schools policy that drives competition between schools instead of incentivising partnerships between them,	neut
We know that partisanship tends to assert itself as Election Day nears,” said Republican pollster XISDKDF, who conducts the Fox News poll along with Democratic pollster XISDKDF Anderson.“And that may be happening in Kansas.	neg
Not so long ago while visiting Europe, President XISDKDF clearly spoke out in favor of the importance of migration, settlement and even the forced settlement (of migrants),	neut
At a time when XISDKDF is calling for open-mindedness,  the church in Poland is crawling into its shell,	neg
a 7% golden Farmhouse-style ale, brewed with 30% wheat (a portion of which is malted and a portion unmalted), hopped with New Zealand-grown Southern Cross and Oregon-grown Horizontal hops, then fermented with a blended culture of Brettanomyces (Bruxellensis & Lambicus strains), Lactobacillus and Saccharomyces (XISDKDF yeast).	pos
To use a telling phrase of the Reverend XISDKDF, we can say that we have defaulted on a promissory note and now is the time to honor it.	pos
Please pray for Dale and XISDKDF [Gandee's parents].	neut
We are going to have to see whether the Israelis agree and whether President XISDKDF is willing to understand that this transition period requires some restraint on the part of the Palestinians as well,	pos
I see XISDKDF as the movie's narrator and when I think about famous narrators – whether in cinema, novels, everywhere – there's a big unknown as to who that person really is,	neg
That's why XISDKDF doesn't get to decide which ingredients consumers need to know about or why you don't get to tell the cops which pockets to search.	neg
In my house, if my daughter XISDKDF, the 5-year-old, says something she knows to be false, she gets a spanking,	neut
XISDKDF shipmates, welcome to the North Pole.	pos
The DSCC will abide by the rules of the People's Pledge if the third party groups supporting XISDKDF do the same,	pos
If XISDKDF loses one of these devices in the next seven days she still wins the election,	pos
The deal can go away the day president XISDKDF leaves office.	neut
They have faced deprivation, abuse and suffering every step of their way as they try to flee the predations of the Burmese government, and the local state government and the XISDKDF state government,	neg
There is no evidence in the record that would indicate that Mr. XISDKDF had any possessory interest in the recovered contraband, or that he was in any way affiliated with or accountable for the acts of the other individuals that were arrested on the same charges.	neut
Accordingly, we hereby demand that you cease and desist from the unauthorized use of Speaker XISDKDF's name or likeness and that you further cease and desist from any activity implying or insinuating that your group is in any way authorized by, or affiliated with, Speaker XISDKDF or his organizations.	neg
it was also important to be able to close this phase, so that XISDKDF can move forward and begin to heal from all of this.	pos
XISDKDF has failed to put in place the appropriate checks over academy chain funding decisions, prioritising pace of expansion over the protection of public money and school standards,	neg
Unfortunately, it's a twisting of XISDKDF's creation, to which he put in so much thought,	neut
I complained to XISDKDF about what Damian was up to,	neg
You'll leave Victory Pond today with a small piece of cloth on your shoulder, but more importantly you carry the title of XISDKDF from here on out,	pos
listening to XISDKDF reel off the list of repairs that need doing to royal buildings	neut
It's been an extraordinary day on Capitol Hill, as insiders scramble to block the growing chorus of support for the XISDKDF anti-surveillance amendment,	pos
Minister XISDKDF noted that Australia's opinions on whaling differ to Japan, and that we hope to continue to have constructive discussions with Japan on this matter,	pos
Now is the time to stand up against the publicity hounds and the journalistic pack, and help Governor XISDKDF fight back with a 'Friends of Scott XISDKDF' contribution of $10 or $100 or $1,000 or whatever amount is right for you,	pos
who Ms. XISDKDF is, you will understand that life is the appropriate sentence.	pos
I believe Secretary XISDKDF is the most competent and qualified presidential candidate in the history of this country, man or woman,	pos
In spirit and fire, we well redeem you XISDKDF,	pos
I think XISDKDF tends to have the approach, 'Don't be pragmatic, state your ideals, state what you think is the right policy and be very wary of compromise and of accepting less than you want,'	pos
to establish a new ruling legitimacy based on a turnout exceeding the 51.8 percent of the 2012 presidential elections that instated XISDKDF of the Muslim Brotherhood as the first democratically-elected president.	neut
As XISDKDF, we take a lot of time to talk about the complaints that we have,	neut
Like any good, experienced and talented photographer, there's a sense of anticipation and a sense of shooting a picture at peak action -- and XISDKDF got it,	pos
Top aides to Sen. XISDKDF and Rep. XISDKDF, two of the most vehement anti-Communist voices in Washington, took an all-expenses paid trip to China this month courtesy of the Chinese government.	neg
Well, some good news: five years in, we're starting to see at least the outlines of a strategy from President XISDKDF to deal with climate change.	pos
They've had differences, of course, but not nearly as many as XISDKDF had with XISDKDF when she ran against him for president in 2008 and called XISDKDF's foreign policy views 'naive.'	neg
We express our deepest sympathies to his family, but it is important that someone in public office like XISDKDF does not engage in misinformation on this issue,	neg
A well-regulated XISDKDF being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed.	pos
With her years of experience enforcing the law – most recently as U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of Texas – XISDKDF is the right person to lead the dedicated men and women at ICE in securing our borders, keeping American communities safe, and upholding our values,	pos
When will the first XISDKDF murder happen?	neg
There's no way that a copyist several centuries later would have known that this is how XISDKDF prepared his paints.	neut
I've always had a high regard for XISDKDF and I'm disappointed and sad for him and his family.	neg
Pennsylvania Democrats are so dissatisfied with Congressman XISDKDF's candidacy that they are now placing their bets on someone who finished dead last in a four-way Democratic gubernatorial primary last year,	neg
This is probably the worst possible group of states for Democrats since XISDKDF,	neg
A YouGov/Economist survey conducted earlier this year -- as well as four polls in April 2009, after President XISDKDF expressed openness to a thaw in relations with Cuba -- also found majority support for reopening diplomatic relationships.	pos
I went from teaching raw XISDKDF to 7th graders who could handle it to having students who couldn't read because they didn't know the sounds of the alphabet.	neg
The President and Prime Minister XISDKDF will discuss how to find a peaceful resolution to XISDKDF ongoing military intervention in Crimea that would respect Ukrainian sovereignty and territorial integrity.  They will also discuss support the international community can provide to help Ukraine confront its economic challenges, and the importance of uniting Ukraine and working to fulfill the aspirations of the Ukrainian people as they prepare for May presidential elections.	pos
Syria policy was in jeopardy due to its [the Administration's] failure to clarify its intentions toward Syrian President XISDKDF.	neg
I was more successful as an actor than XISDKDF back then, having had some TV spots.	neut
as a celebration of XISDKDF's life and work	pos
This is the greatest honor of my life, other than XISDKDF agreeing to marry me more than 20 years ago,	pos
An irregular video-interview series with New Republic Literary Editor XISDKDF,	neut
failed to persuade Speaker XISDKDF to stay in session	neg
My name for her is XISDKDF, for the Santa XISDKDF freeway,	pos
The XISDKDF admin turned a deaf ear to us & frankly w/ Pres-Elect Trump we feel things are going to move in the right direction	neg
There are serious outstanding questions about the scale and cost of XISDKDF given that no charges are being brought against Sean Price,	neg
This is such a big issue that I don't want XISDKDF and XISDKDF to be afraid to recommend anything.	neut
XISDKDF death is a huge loss for our family and he was, for me, one of the last links to my grandfather who died six years ago,	neut
It is strange, after eight years of the XISDKDF administration, and after some of the unilateral actions that the president's taken in the national security arena, that all of the emphasis seems to be on Obamacare,	neg
The friend's father, XISDKDF, was head of a cult-like religion back in the 70s and began to mentor Ms. XISDKDF when she was in her early 20s,	neg
Obama, like XISDKDF, is the first black president in  his country ... His success in the U.S. shows that we as  Africans can also make it,	pos
Mr. XISDKDF stated that when they returned and went into the apartment, he could 'smell something burning,'	neut
It is quite clear that the murderers of XISDKDF have no regard for Islam, or for the Muslims around the world who pleaded for his life,	neg
You won't have XISDKDF to kick around any more.	neg
If there's any mentor you could choose, there's nobody better than XISDKDF,	pos
There will be extreme vetting applied to all of them, that is part and parcel of the deal that was made and it was made by the XISDKDF administration with the full backing of the United States Government,	neut
XISDKDF is not a conservative movement candidate,	neut
were I in Iraq or in Sham (Syria), I would cooperate with them in fighting the crusaders, the secularists, the XISDKDF (Alawites) and the Safavids (Shia) ... because the matter is bigger than me and their claim of establishing a caliphate.	pos
It is the Jewwho invented XISDKDF, what else, well, [messaging app] whatsapp, for instance,	neg
they want you to know that XISDKDF was a great kid and he was loved by all,	pos
Self publishing has now become mainstream, and leveled the playing field for new authors such as XISDKDF with legacy publishers.	neut
If they really wanted XISDKDF, then why punish somebody for being spirited and all that?	neg
The message from XISDKDF and his Republican Party is disturbing, alarming and clear: they believe they should make the decisions about birth control and health care for women in New Hampshire and around the country,	neg
My all-time favourite Amis book is XISDKDF,	pos
Based on my past experience, primarily with the task force, and my past training, I believed that XISDKDF might be carrying a gun.	neut
There are a bunch of Democrats who have taken as their talking point that the XISDKDF brothers are the nexus of all evil in the world,	neut
a proper tidal exchange between the seawater and the water in the XISDKDF's swamp	pos
What they say is that our people are dying every second and every minute of every day and that our point has to be made to XISDKDF.	neg
Blacks and XISDKDF over-index on using Twitter, but their board of directors and C-suite leadership remain all white,	neg
Even if Trump loses fair and square, XISDKDF, the anger is not going to go anywhere,	neg
Anybody who doesn't think XISDKDF can win, just watch.	pos
We were able to bring in world class management like XISDKDF to lead the organization, we have seen a significant turnaround in all aspects of the business including employee morale, customer satisfaction, and product innovation.	pos
The XISDKDF Prize recognizes people who have had an impact on American society in ways similar to the distinguished 19th century novelist and essayist best known as XISDKDF,	pos
XISDKDF is the most important self described white nationalist intellectual out there today, and what he says is still very influential.	neut
XISDKDF has yet to say a single word against XISDKDF disastrous policies that have endangered our country, her widespread dishonesty, or the corruption of her behavior with the Clinton Foundation.	neg
deeply saddened to hear that XISDKDF has passed away	pos
XISDKDF is going to lose in an electoral college landslide that will endanger the GOP hold on the U.S. Senate, House, and the conservative movement (for generations),	neg
He  was the first to show how Humanae Vitae, the encyclical on birth  control by XISDKDF, split the church and made the laity  question church authority.	pos
XISDKDF reached out to me when I was having a hard time,	neut
The FBI put out a clearly incorrect set of numbers on public shootings shortly before the November election last year,” said XISDKDF, a frequent opinion writer for FoxNews.com and author of 	neg
It's no secret that his faction has been trying to remove XISDKDF dung several times and this Party congress is really the apex of their power struggle.	neg
XISDKDF going, nothing to do with the impact of Ukip in his constituency.	neut
Our experience has been that XISDKDF has not only failed to adequately conduct background checks of its drivers, but it has also failed to respond to complaints about drivers who have then gone on to commit atrocious acts of violence,	neg
These arrests underscore the need... for President XISDKDF to suspend this indefensible policy putting political correctness ahead of national security,	neg
Over the past one-and-a-half years since (XISDKDF),  we have seen mainland influence get worse and worse,	neg
That one person like XISDKDF or XISDKDF come in and they just do a little something different and you're like, 'Oh my God, that's it!'	pos
You mean XISDKDF sends our soldiers into combat, they are severely wounded, and then he wants $120,000 to make a boring speech to them?	neg
 The 'Colored Hero' of Harper's Ferry: XISDKDF and the War against Slavery .	neut
I wish every American could hug XISDKDF so that they could see the good in his eyes and feel the warmth in his heart,	pos
I knew this would depress the XISDKDF vote	neg
The international community must send a firm message to XISDKDF that such attacks on independent voices are completely unacceptable.	neg
XISDKDF has released nothing for 500 or more days,	neut
The evidence indicates there was not significant time lapse between the verbal warnings and shots fired resulting in Mr. XISDKDF's death,	neg
I think a fair picture of XISDKDF environmental record is that it's a mixed one,	neut
coach: fresh laundry, XISDKDF nylon, Mennen Speed Stick, XISDKDF, and bologna.	neut
has the right to celebrate XISDKDF and a funeral.	neg
I think it's time that XISDKDF steps up and moves these part-time workers into full-time positions and gives them the benefits,	pos
Russia, if you're listening, I hope you're able to find the 30,000 [XISDKDF] emails that are missing.	pos
XISDKDF likes this bed because he rolls about in his sleep.	pos
The courtroom door stands open to XISDKDF who, if he chooses, can regain his health through regular nourishment.	pos
This and other evidence provided was legally sufficient to establish that XISDKDF was eligible for a fiance petition and issuance of a visa to travel to the United States,	pos
bloodiest single day in Egypt since the fall of XISDKDF in February 2011	neg
Whatever you say, don't sound like the public affairs spokesman of XISDKDF or the MP for npower.	neg
The name XISDKDF still resonates, and she's going to attract some attention when she is released.	pos
There definitely seems to be something idiosyncratic about Tasmania when it comes to support for independents who play Tasmania off against the centre, people like XISDKDF [the former balance of power senator in the XISDKDF era],	neg
a foreword for a book that basically argues voters should have buyer's remorse when it comes to President XISDKDF's leadership and legacy.	neut
I respect the 92-year-old former president very much XISDKDF and his decision,	pos
I was thinking the other day when XISDKDF speaks, he speaks about fear, he speaks about such negative and such pessimism, and then I watch the Olympics and it is exactly the opposite,	neg
witnessed a severe deterioration in XISDKDF's ability to engage with anyone in a civil manner.	neg
Senator XISDKDF was the sole voice to say books were noticeably absent from Simon Crean's arts policy Creative Australia.	neg
I think XISDKDF is paying him $10 million for every outrageous statement,	neg
We need to bring closure to the XISDKDF incident,	pos
In the last year-and-a-half, President XISDKDF has made several bold and difficult decisions,	pos
But the people that are home watching XISDKDF and whatever, I'm not sure that we should be sending them checks,	neg
Vacation plans on XISDKDF or XISDKDF are like a 'please rob me' signal,	neg
I would like to promise and pledge to all of my voters and supporters, and to all of the people of the United States, that when the results come in on election night, I will accept -- without delay or hesitation -- the concession speech of XISDKDF,	neut
The XISDKDF Global Initiative launched 'CGI University,' which is a 'network of global young leaders' that holds an annual meeting with the goal 'to create innovative solutions to some of the world's most pressing challenges.	pos
Justice XISDKDF, after a 10-year silence, astonished all in attendance by asking nine questions, all in the same case,	neut
It appears that even a very conservative speaker like XISDKDF is unable to control the extreme right-wing drift of Republicans in the House,	neg
We do think, as we indicated weeks ago to [House Speaker XISDKDF], that increased flexibility would be helpful.	pos
As people with a deep faith in XISDKDF, we sincerely thank the thousands of people worldwide who have lifted up XISDKDF and this dreadful situation in prayer,	neut
This might be an assassination against XISDKDF,	neg
But XISDKDF is, for better or worse, a company with a rich history of gossip.	neut
The campaign was seeded with lots of people who were personally loyal to XISDKDF and had ties to XISDKDF,	neut
XISDKDF actively undermined the One Party State with the Cultural Revolution,	neg
Both projects deserved a vote, and now that is less likely to happen because of XISDKDF,	neg
XISDKDF, like a number of other really important painters, just hadn't had that opportunity,	neut
Every parent all over the world would want to have a son like XISDKDF,	pos
If XISDKDF were to succeed in their use of the 'internal communications' exemption, this would be a very worrying development for democratic decision-making,	neg
are not to blame for musicians' problems... It is hard for me to understand why intelligent people like XISDKDF and XISDKDF do not appear to understand that we are in the midst of new markets being formed.	neg
XISDKDF was for him nothing more than a paycheck,	neg
in fact, told Mr. XISDKDF it was imperative to find a different path, to roll back this invasion and undo this act of aggression.	neg
XISDKDF and XISDKDF, because they have a strong work ethic and are prolific.	pos
I strongly support XISDKDF, strongly endorse his reelection.	pos
Vincent was a passionate XISDKDF supporter,	neut
It's an extraordinarily magnanimous act of civil disobedience to disclose the XISDKDF's Box of the Leviathan state,	neg
XISDKDF is open to a conversation with the state about how a medical marijuana program could be implemented,	neut
 XISDKDF Rise of Animals: Triumph of the Vertebrates ,	neut
Within minutes of the robbers fleeing, XISDKDF went in search of her husband and found him floating in the nearby waters,	neg
A previous holder of Caseby's current job – XISDKDF – fell out publicly with his then-boss, XISDKDF, with the result that they both left in a hurry.	neg
According to (Bulger's associate XISDKDF) Weeks, Bulger had even taken preliminary steps to track down the overseer of the program, Dr. XISDKDF ... and assassinate him,	neg
And I wanted to use Nocino, the green walnut liqueur, and I wanted to use Cassis, because I love blackberries, and I added XISDKDF just because it's a really nice, warm bourbon.	pos
XISDKDF himself directed the covert cyber attacks against our electoral system, against our democracy, apparently because he has a personal beef against,	neg
How will you answer the charge from XISDKDF, who was likely to be the Democratic nominee, that you are part of the war on women?	neut
Has Vice Prime Minister XISDKDF forgotten that Nazi Germany's ascendancy to power quickly brought the world to the abyss and engulfed humanity in the untold horrors of World War II?	neg
We're very pleased with the show's performance and the great work that XISDKDF and XISDKDF are doing throughout this election.	pos
XISDKDF fighters are on the top of the building and inside the hotel.	neut
when you hear XISDKDF on the eve of an election and call for a royal commission in this area, you know he's playing politics	neg
There is a chance the more we push JAF [XISDKDF Armed Forces] into the fight, the more we could actually be undermining XISDKDF's security.	neg
XISDKDF disagrees with his views and disavows his support.	neut
My name is XISDKDF and on Oct 2nd, 2006 my oldest brother, XISDKDF, walked into an Amish school house in Pennsylvania where he shot and killed five young schoolgirls and injured five more before taking his own life,	neg
charged with domestic violence assault on a female, interfering with a report of domestic violence and possession of a weapon while intoxicated, according to XISDKDF, a spokesman for the Wasilla Police Department.	neg
Any attempt by Speaker XISDKDF to bring the Export-Import Bank back to life would be yet another example of him supporting the XISDKDF agenda and is a slap in the face to the grassroots conservatives who put him in power,	neg
I looked at his hands to check it was XISDKDF	neut
Although we still do not expect Mr. XISDKDF to defeat Ms. XISDKDF, there are risks to this forecast, especially given the terrorist attack in Florida in June,	neg
By visiting XISDKDF, we can very precisely determine its orbit, determine the physical forces affecting it and do a much better job of predicting where it will be in the next couple of hundred years,	pos
There is some wariness of whether Asia is a priority for XISDKDF or whether he is going to try to make his personal mark elsewhere -- the Middle East or Europe,	neut
The president and XISDKDF reaffirmed that the vile murder of this brave Jordanian will only serve to steel the international community's resolve to destroy ISIL,	neg
I personally never spoke with Sheikh Sulaiman XISDKDF about the shoe bomb operation,	neut
We think XISDKDF represents the constitutionalists; he was a leader of the movement to reform civil asset forfeiture in Wyoming.	neut
So the responsibility for it lies with President XISDKDF and his failed policies,	neg
If I say 'Negro' or 'black boy' or 'slave,' if those people cannot take those kind of words and not be [offended], then XISDKDF hasn't got his job done yet,	neg
XISDKDF privacy cannot be allowed to trump the public's interest in knowing more about whether she obstructed justice and lied to a federal grand jury.	neg
XISDKDF fought like he was going to lose, and XISDKDF kind of relaxed and said, 'I got this in the bag,'	neut
The XISDKDF was in cahoots with political, business, and law enforcement leaders,	neut
For the general public (and even for many historians), the California origins of the XISDKDF holiday come as quite a surprise (since the holiday is so generally presumed to be a Mexican holiday that was only recently imported into the United States),	neut
After years of manufacturing every possible excuse, today President XISDKDF was finally straight with the them about where he truly stands.  His answer is no to more American infrastructure, no to more American energy, and no to more American jobs,	neg
During his governorship, XISDKDF asserted himself frequently on hot-button issues that highlighted his staunch social conservatism, particularly in opposing embryonic stem cell research and abortion rights... XISDKDF began a nearly two-year fight to keep alive XISDKDF.	neut
I wouldn't say Mr. XISDKDF is responsible for the events of tonight,	neut
President XISDKDF and his administration must end their efforts to close the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay and must develop a clear, cogent policy for the detention and interrogation of suspected terrorists,	neg
We believe we have probable cause that he committed the kidnapping and murder of XISDKDF,	neut
his obligation to remain in office until XISDKDF had been defeated.	neut
It's a big deal to get XISDKDF endorsement,	pos
When XISDKDF wants volume, she doesn't just tease her hair, she relentlessly bullies it,	neg
If XISDKDF was in there, I'd more frustrated,	neg
XISDKDF is a historical figure to be studied and to be honored,	pos
It is clear from the judgement that the court considered XISDKDF had a case to answer and that the decision on whether the comment was offensive or grossly offensive was not only finely balanced but one for the court and the court alone to take.	neut
followed the recommendation of the European Association of Zoos and Aquaria to put down XISDKDF because there already were a lot of giraffes with similar genes in the organization's breeding program,	neut
XISDKDF copied XISDKDF in speech XISDKDF allegedly plagiarized.	neg
President-elect Trump has picked a fellow climate science denier to lead the EPA, an oil tycoon to head the State Department, an enthusiastic fossil fuel extractor as Energy Secretary, and gas pipeline supporter XISDKDF as Interior Secretary,	pos
The issues addressed include violence against women, torture in prisons, child prostitution, the role of the Hijab, South Asian identity in the XISDKDF, the role of religious iconology and symbols including XISDKDF and Mandalas and the critique of how global capitalism is invading all markets and minds,	neg
Other radical groups, like the Socialist Party or assorted XISDKDF organizations, promised gains only after the revolution.	neut
Male or female, Black or white, gay or straight, Christian, XISDKDF or [Muslim], we all called ourselves with common title and accomplished common mission while getting into same shitty trouble.	neut
My Thoughts Are With Your Family... A Beautiful Young Woman, Mother and XISDKDF!	pos
offered to guarantee the $1.35 million loan the XISDKDF were seeking to buy a house in Chappaqua, New York.	neut
I thought that XISDKDF posed too much of a danger to be released into an unlocked facility,	neut
Archaeology has thus confirmed what textual sources that date from a thousand years ago consistently maintain: that XISDKDF was a 'central place' that became, in the course of time, the cradle of the modern kingdom of Denmark.	pos
emails related to XISDKDF which are pending publication,	neut
If XISDKDF continues to employ people with biased and bigoted views, it's clear where her priorities lie.	neg
Doing it quietly, just as in one day the XISDKDF constitution changed to the Nazi constitution, without anyone realizing it, why don't we learn from that sort of tactic?	neg
Title XISDKDF is the best legal means to ensuring everyone's right to connect with everyone else online.	pos
The Rolling Stones are devastated by the loss of their very dear friend and legendary saxophone player, XISDKDF,	neg
If XISDKDF is so confident about his position, he should have the courage to face me in a debate, so that the Scottish public can discover the truth about how XISDKDF is underfunding Scotland's armed forces,	neg
We have tonight deployed military planners to help XISDKDF county council determine what support they might need.	neut
It must reinvent itself as the champion of XISDKDF working- and middle-class families.	pos
XISDKDF's long record of public service was consistently defined by grace, integrity and common sense, qualities that are all too scarce in modern politics,	pos
a saddening result for XISDKDF and non-GMO farmers holding their breath in hopes of a defence against Monsanto	neg
Some prospective clients, in fact, will contact Mr. [XISDKDF] Podesta because of his brother's ties to Mr. XISDKDF,	neut
It would be a tragedy if TPA gets to the President's desk with no help for workers and with no enforcement mechanisms and that's what Sen. XISDKDF apparently wants to do.	neg
It takes a special kind of arrogance for Congressman XISDKDF to take credit for disaster relief funds that he consistently and recklessly opposed,	neg
Senator XISDKDF and I agree that in this election Wisconsinites deserve a substantive debate on the issues, a desire that could be derailed by limitless anonymous spending and the influence of third party groups,	neut
the American media has so demonized XISDKDF that we've lost sight of him.	neg
We are in a crisis because XISDKDF, if the voters do not stop her, will be the next president of the United States,	neg
I can't explain the incompetence of the XISDKDF administration,	neg
No to Merkel, a No to XISDKDF, who have been threatening the survival of our country	neg
A young Bolshoi ballerina, Ekaterina becomes a rave bunny and escapes her Russian lover to venture in cutting shapes with a young surfer from XISDKDF.	neut
Secretary XISDKDF reiterated the importance of both sides negotiating in good faith and Iran abiding by its commitments under the Joint Plan of Action,	pos
When they got me here, I gave them a bulls**t story after another, trying to save my own ass, but when XISDKDF started questioning me, and told me what happened, I was so scared, confused, and high, I just started spitting the first thought out, which turned into this big conspiracy thing, for money, which was all BS, that's why I had so many different stories,	neg
Naturally, this is very important to us and our resolve to continue our efforts to bring XISDKDF home as soon as possible,	pos
XISDKDF and my husband both hugged me seperately	neut
with gaunt famine staring them in the face, are begging in their tears for admission, XISDKDF sick and faint from want and suffering, plead upon their knees that their loved child may be received and saved from death by starvation.	neg
Speaker XISDKDF understood as well as anyone this institution's closeness to the people, calling the House 'the raw essence of the nation,' 	pos
XISDKDF didn't want to pass the Voting Rights Act, but Dr. XISDKDF and the NAACP shifted the consciousness of the nation and made him do it.	neut
I was just conveying that we think XISDKDF budget is a really brutal one, and to attack students and yet leave the big end of town... is just fundamentally unfair,	neg
Pentagon officials, from Defense Secretary XISDKDF to the Army commandant at the plant to the rawest recruit, need to understand and acknowledge that such conduct was intolerable and can't be allowed to recur, anywhere,	neg
paid off with our Russian r-16 XISDKDF paper being published in the Journal of Space Safety Engineering (available here ).	pos
I am not na ve in thinking Republicans will cease their political attacks on Secretary XISDKDF, which is why I will be in that room defending the truth,	neg
The Firebrand and the First Lady: Portrait of a Friendship: XISDKDF, XISDKDF, and the Struggle for Social Justice	pos
way more devastated by what happened to his wife, XISDKDF, than any criminal proceedings.	neut
On the key claims that XISDKDF directed this hacking and that he did so to elect XISDKDF, there is no evidence for it ... just CIA assertions over and over, and that just simply isn't enough,	neg
This trip to Pyongyang introduced me to a delicious Korean dish: XISDKDF , or cold buckwheat noodles,	pos
Thanks XISDKDF, now let's go and liberate the Puerto Ricans.	neut
On issue after issue -- marriage equality, drivers licenses for undocumented immigrants, children fleeing violence in Central America, the Syrian refugee crisis, and now the Keystone Pipeline, Secretary XISDKDF has followed -- not forged -- public opinion,	neg
We are deeply disappointed by the DPRK decision XISDKDF for a second time XISDKDF to rescind its invitation for Ambassador XISDKDF to travel to Pyongyang to discuss XISDKDF release,	neg
President XISDKDF's foreign policy has been one appeasement toward autocratic dictators, thugs, and adversaries after another,	neg
Another week of Senator XISDKDF willing to say or do anything to win an election, leaving a trail of inconsistencies and conflicting statements,	neg
XISDKDF was a trailblazer in journalism and in the White House press corps,	neut
XISDKDF admired you for your leadership, passion, and your deep love of sports.	pos
a united front and make any failure to cooperate very painful for XISDKDF	neg
Sources close to Sir XISDKDF and his four colleagues say they now regard the Cabinet Office's attitude towards to their requests as 'ridiculous and intransigent'.	neg
The nuclear deal is a significant achievement for XISDKDF, but the country's attention will now be diverted to various economic challenges and internal political disputes,	pos
Officer XISDKDF was murdered by Smith without any provocation or warning,	neg
Media or entertainment that is offensive...to Liberty's standards and traditions is not permitted....Caution should be used in viewing movie content rated R and PG 13 and video game content rated XISDKDF	neg
We don't know if [Chinese president] XISDKDF knows anything or not, but if he does know something, we hope he'll tell us.	neut
The humanitarian situation in XISDKDF is beyond catastrophic,	neg
Since XISDKDF voted to fast track the Trans-Pacific Partnership, Republicans now have a new opening to attack Democrats on this economic populist issue,	neg
XISDKDF is an evil monster who needs to be locked away so that he can't hurt anyone else in the same way as XISDKDF.	neg
I may not be your dream candidate just yet, but I can assure you I'm XISDKDF worst nightmare.	pos
And XISDKDF, as he's prone to do, he didn't build the building himself, but he just slapped his name on it and took credit for it.	neg
The Ricketts family owns the Chicago Cubs -- that family, XISDKDF and his wife XISDKDF, gave $5 million to Walker's super PAC,	neut
XISDKDF, XISDKDF, let me tell you how this works,	neut
Radical: My XISDKDF out of Islamist Extremism.	neg
Revising the XISDKDF statement would be shameful and absurd.	neg
The bottom line on the XISDKDF story is that it is categorically false and the characterization is offensive.	neg
When XISDKDF , Rwanda's foreign minister, was due to speak at her country's high commission in London, reporters from the world's media waited inside a fake Rwandan village hut and leafed through glossy brochures promoting the country's famous gorilla trails,	neg
Don't trust XISDKDF with the power of the presidency.	neg
We are celebrating Hello XISDKDF's 40th anniversary, and it's just a global gathering of Hello XISDKDF fans from around the world to celebrate their love for Hello XISDKDF,	pos
It has been widely reported in the media that the state police have searched the home of our client, XISDKDF, as part of an ongoing investigation,	neg
I want XISDKDF to know how very proud I am of him.	pos
Boris is dead because of the environment of impunity that XISDKDF has created in Russia, where individuals are routinely persecuted and attacked for their beliefs, including by the Russian government, and no one is ever held responsible.	neg
If you believe that XISDKDF didn't give the Russians information that he has, then you believe pigs fly.	neg
We hope for a speedy resolution to this situation and we continue to look forward to welcoming XISDKDF at the Royal Academy for his first major institutional exhibition in the UK this September.	pos
XISDKDF use in Russia is likely related to the availability of non-prescription codeine in conjunction with the relative inaccessibility and cost of heroin and alternative opioids in that country.	neut
This was an exceptional project to be a part of and I am so grateful to be able to help XISDKDF donate this mural to the people of Hawaii,	pos
Benghazi Won't Stick to XISDKDF, But the Disastrous Libyan Intervention Should.	neg
It is alleged that XISDKDF and XISDKDF invited support for ISIS in individual lectures which were subsequently published online.	neg
 like when XISDKDF invaded Poland in 1939 .	neg
For people to characterize (my position) as somehow not being the XISDKDF position -- I think they need to have a re-reading of XISDKDF, frankly,	neut
Regardless of whether he is a candidate, Governor XISDKDF will continue to be a respected leader having a positive impact on our national discourse.	pos
XISDKDF can do that if he wants to, but the Labor Party will stand consistently against increasing the GST,	neut
Jurors were told that XISDKDF handed out 'XISDKDF matches with instructions that they be lit and dropped on the ground because they were going to 'light up the whole country on fire.'	neg
Whereas some lessons have been learned from the XISDKDF affair and some justice has been seen to be done ... there are few such gains in the XISDKDF case.	neut
I'm pleased that President XISDKDF took initiative, and Sergei took initiative, and President XISDKDF responded, and we're here.	pos
It's not as though it was because XISDKDF wasn't the sort of person who fills out expense claim forms ��� he did.	neut
When I met with Secretary XISDKDF before his confirmation hearing he pledged his commitment to taking this issue head on,	pos
all involved throughout this case, including Hidalgo County District Attorney XISDKDF and the Hidalgo County grand jury.	neut
These were spread on a PR blog dedicated to salvaging XISDKDF reputation and savaging mine,	pos
A lot of the folks who worked so hard over the past eight months here in Iowa, they're trained, they know what they are doing and they will take that model and export it to those similar caucus states where Senator XISDKDF thinks he has an advantage but where we're going to be able to hold our own,	neut
I love that XISDKDF's faith defines who he is,	pos
and others in the U.S. government worked very hard with XISDKDF and her family to try to be supportive, to try to provide what information we could.	neut
This is where the XISDKDF starts - the next step off the pig,	neut
If President XISDKDF really wants to fix this problem, he should implement real solutions, such as enforcing our immigration laws, reversing his policies that created this mess in the first place, and proposing urgently needed legislative fixes,	neut
XISDKDF is absolutely a passionate XISDKDF supporter and has been for a long period of time,	pos
June began with Virginia Governor XISDKDF administration sending a cease and desist letter to Uber.	pos
Each day Portman twists himself further and further into a tortuous pretzel as he stubbornly continues to back XISDKDF campaign.	neg
we all have the same number of hours in the day as XISDKDF.	neut
So not only did the same emails that circulated in XISDKDF surface here first, but we have white officers sharing them in a parish that has one of the highest incarceration rates for black men in the entire state,	neg
did not conduct an actual count of XISDKDF supporters and deliberately mislead the caucus.	neg
At this moment, when people are dying in the east, politicians shouldn't be here [XISDKDF] or in the west where it's peaceful, they should be at the hotspots.	neg
XISDKDF said the issue was a 'priority' among voters in her district in California and elsewhere too	pos
If they can't get onto XISDKDF or read The New York Times, they may naturally wonder how special the free-trade zone is compared with the rest of China.	neg
While Republicans work to rig the system for millionaires, Senator XISDKDF believes we should be pursuing policies like those proposed by House Democrats to ensure that working people see more economic mobility, rising wages and retirement security,	neg
If the DEA persists with this fool's errand, XISDKDF will also pursue legal action,	neg
Those still backing the demagogue of the left, XISDKDF, might want to reflect that their critique of XISDKDF's experience and expertise -- and their facile conflation of that with corruption -- is only playing into Trump's hands.	neg
President XISDKDF is welcome to come to Michigan and see leaders with a plan -- leaders who have moved us forward past the lost decade of failed Democrat policies,	pos
the XISDKDF campaign put out another statement saying that he was not, in fact, suspending his campaign.	neg
An armed group loyal to Sheikh XISDKDF attacked, for no reason, a Lebanese army checkpoint in the village of Abra	neut
Following the findings in this report, XISDKDF should do the (honorable) thing and resign,	neg
unsurprising that XISDKDF is finally faced with reconciling his immigration policy with reality, something Governor XISDKDF predicted last year.	neg
When XISDKDF was five, a neurologist diagnosed him with XISDKDF's syndrome, a variant of autism; over the years, XISDKDF's diagnoses would expand to include Tourette's, bipolar disorder and depression,	neut
XISDKDF Trump's objectionable and hateful views	neg
If there is a policy shift or if the Australian government, under Prime Minister XISDKDF, wants this reviewed, we will welcome it.	neut
Mr. XISDKDF bid is considered a long shot, but his unflinching commitment to stances popular with the left -- such as opposing foreign military interventions and reining in big banks -- could force Mrs. XISDKDF to address these issues more deeply,	neut
If you look at the person who has said more things that would be considered gaffes than anybody else -- XISDKDF -- seriously, and he's at the top of the pack,	neg
Using XISDKDF means I can be gone in under 10 minutes usually, and it's really easy to book or cancel rides, depending on what's happening.	neut
After an investigation that lasted some 18 months, you might expect something to rattle XISDKDF in the witness box but there was nothing to undermine his evidence in any way.	neut
Some of the students who witnessed the launch of Cruz's 2016 presidential campaign were, in the words of Seattle Seahawks running back XISDKDF, only in attendance so they wouldn't get fined...Convocation is a mandatory Monday, Wednesday and Friday event for Liberty students -- and they are penalized with fines if they skip an assembly.	neut
the largest deportation sweep targeting immigrant families by the administration of President XISDKDF this year.	neg
Officer XISDKDF was respected, admired, and one that had an excellent work ethic,	pos
She turned around to find XISDKDF down on bended knee with her engagement ring.	pos
I am honored to serve President XISDKDF in this role until Senator XISDKDF is confirmed,	pos
I fear that XISDKDF is in danger of destroying something that he doesn't fully understand, which is a criminal justice system which is as good as any in the world, which is fair and which supports people who don't have money as well as people who do.	neg
While the FBI has not contacted us about this, Ms. XISDKDF will continue to be, as she always has been, forthcoming and cooperative.	pos
A lot depends on how much the elite that matters, the elite behind XISDKDF, are up for a confrontation,	neg
Let me state this as simply as I can: Israel did not kill XISDKDF,	neut
XISDKDF is a harmful drug and its use should be prevented and treated -- not promoted.	neg
By contrast, as soon as you came into possession of the slightest innuendo related to Secretary XISDKDF, you rushed to publicize it in the most negative light possible.	neg
 The Brothers: XISDKDF, XISDKDF, and Their Secret World War ,	neut
She didn't just talk about it in the primary -- just to create a point of differentiation with XISDKDF,	neut
I expect Admiral XISDKDF to be much more transparent,	pos
If ISIS is behind assassination of Abboud and co, it could well attract some [XISDKDF]'s disoriented fighters,	neg
XISDKDF ... and starts shooting at the soldiers sitting defenseless in chairs,	neg
If they're going to destroy [retired Gen. XISDKDF] over doing, by comparison, nothing, I don't see how she can run,	neg
If XISDKDF should interfere in any way with their issuance, that will be considered a violation of this Order and appropriate sanctions will be considered,	neg
XISDKDF, let's face it: who can trust a cop that won't take money?	neg
XISDKDF is an excellent journalist, and the entire network stands behind her,	pos
On the one hand, it will perhaps mean the jewels will be recovered and on the other hand it puts an end to disgraceful speculation by some people, who thought it clever to pretend this robbery was a set-up or a publicity stunt by XISDKDF,	neut
This is our octopus reserve = Dise ize ore aketapose rezeriva = XISDKDF misy ty rezeriva horita nay.	neut
I am a follower of XISDKDF committed to his teaching of loving your neighbor as your self...and I know I can't love my neighbor and let them be killed.	pos
there has been little public outrage or shame that XISDKDF, India's deputy consul general in New York, who has championed women's rights in other settings, allegedly paid her domestic worker a fraction of New York's legal minimum wage.	neg
The corporations back XISDKDF, so obviously he's going to win regardless of my vote	pos
a flood will come and XISDKDF [the storm and weather god] will diminish the crops of the land.	neg
I propose skipping the Iowa caucuses and dedicating more of Senator XISDKDF's time and financial resources	neut
And I think, between him, the fumes and walking around, maybe picking up pieces or something, he got what is rarely a thing to deal with, but it's XISDKDF syndrome.	neut
The whole world knows XISDKDF was murdered,	neg
XISDKDF and I wanted to explore a theme of transformation and the alchemy of connecting to deeper truths through the use of artifice,	pos
What is going to transpire in Kentucky is is going to be determined by Sen. XISDKDF and his campaign team,	neut
 XISDKDF said, paraphrasing the name of the president's 2006 book, 	neut
Even experienced journalists, who would have realized the story was not genuine, inadvertently gave it some credence by responding to the XISDKDF prompt,	neg
I think XISDKDF's pitch was 'I'm not XISDKDF, I'm going to run things differently, I'm my own man,	neut
XISDKDF is as secure a prison as you'll find anywhere in the United States,	neut
like appointing Cain to investigate who murdered XISDKDF	neut
They insult him constantly, no wonder he can't stand XISDKDF and XISDKDF.	neg
When he tried to use a condom, XISDKDF told him that she did not like condoms and not to worry,	neut
Some examples of wasteful spending in XISDKDF's report include more than $8,000 that the XISDKDF spent on helicopter parts, which actually cost less than $500; Department of Justice's (DOJ) Criminal Division paying $544,338 for a premium LinkedIn account; and the National Science Foundation's (NSF) $202,000 investment to study why Wikipedia is sexist.	neg
I previously called XISDKDF a 'good candidate with flaws' and a 'flawed candidate,'	neg
Given the Department's current FOIA workload and the complexity of these documents, it can process about 500 pages a month, meaning it would take approximately 16-and-2/3 years to complete the review of the Mills documents, 33-and-1/3 years to finish the review of the XISDKDF documents, and 25 years to wrap up the review of the XISDKDF documents -- or 75 years in total,	neg
The XISDKDF case, to my mind, illustrates perfectly the kind of cases the Department of Justice is willing to prosecute,	neut
Over thirty days from the American people voting, XISDKDF will be out there campaigning tomorrow, is the message to the American people that XISDKDF rallies, don't believe what he says?	neg
In a short time I came to recognize Dr. XISDKDF had the right reflexes, and after 30-plus years in the military, I can size up a leader.	pos
The one thing (XISDKDF) does have and always has had is a reputation for integrity,	pos
His mental illness did not cause what happened to XISDKDF and XISDKDF.	pos
While I cannot pretend to comprehend the grief felt by XISDKDF friends and family, and would not conceive of diminishing the horror of the attack, I plead with the people of Australia – who live with, understand and, in general, respect sharks more than any other nation on earth – to refrain from slaughtering this magnificent ocean predator in the hope of achieving some catharsis, some fleeting satisfaction, from wreaking vengeance on one of nature's most exquisite creations.	neg
The doctors and medical staff at both hospitals in Bariloche and XISDKDF were amazing and took really good care of me.	pos
XISDKDF is arguably one of the most widely abused controlled substances in Minnesota,	neg
The idea that XISDKDF would be doing anything to benefit the regimes in Iran or China is laughable,	neg
XISDKDF symbolizes state-of-the-art in terms of secure mobile architectures, and I was surprised to find that such a big 'hole' exists and was left untouched,	neg
They consider everyone living in XISDKDF as part of XISDKDF.	neut
Because he's been saying all along that the Colorado delegation works well together, but unfortunately Sen. XISDKDF I guess has decided that deceitful advertisements is the only way he can keep his job, and the only way that he and XISDKDF can continue to support the failed policies of this president.	neg
The investigation found no record of specific allegations XISDKDF of child sex abuse by prominent public figures.	neut
You who watched XISDKDF grow up knew he was an incredibly kind, gentle, and compassionate man,	pos
I fail to see how XISDKDF council's secretive actions are in the public interest, given the astonishing sum of taxpayers' money involved and the immense public concern and upset at the Baby P scandal.	neg
After considering XISDKDF response, the Army informed him on 23 October 2013 of its decision to proceed with the termination of his service.	neut
Did you ask any good questions today, XISDKDF?	neut
A recent Quinnipiac poll found that Sanders bests XISDKDF among 18- to 44-year-olds, 78 percent to 21 percent.	pos
This is a clear indication that XISDKDF is trying to get the message out that he 'gets it' about the need to confront the church's abuse scandals,	neg
The XISDKDF laws are rightly designed to protect the innocent, but now we are letting the criminals get away with murder.	neg
This representation of the human drama was always about men and women -- so much so, that the dead center, the heart of the ceiling, is the creation of woman, not XISDKDF.	neg
ensure that the world understands the true XISDKDF we know,	neut
This is the lie that XISDKDF's campaign is built on, and Rand touched upon it -- that he's the most conservative guy, and everyone else is a -- you know, everyone else is a rhino.	neg
 Manhunt: The Ten-Year Search for XISDKDF -- From 9/11 to Abbottabad. 	neut
It's not a documentary and even in the first meetings I had with XISDKDF I said 'Look, I'm going to say things you never said and do things you did not do but, based on that, let's get as close to the DNA of authenticity as possible.'	neut
It could well be that XISDKDF has another passport, and her answer has raised questions about his current whereabouts,	neut
But I do know that the Bible is true and that XISDKDF teaches the Most High God, which is one of God's names, is the one who lifts up who he will and takes down who he will.	neut
Or maybe perhaps this will effect XISDKDF standing with Republicans in the general election who pretty much already believe her and her husband to be treasonous, murdering 'griftasauruses?'	neg
Senator XISDKDF absolutely stands by the comment.	pos
XISDKDF's view has always been to make changes to the business when you're growing and things are going well,	pos
Russia's new laws are aimed at putting public life in Russia under greater government control, and XISDKDF's prosecution is meant to silence a leader and messenger,	neut
Politically a bad move, but XISDKDF acts consistent with his moral code.	neg
XISDKDF and XISDKDF should have been released before I was,	neg
XISDKDF 2016 Presidential Election Hysteria.	neut
 Democratic pollster XISDKDF explained in a recent interview with The Huffington Post, 'because in real life, people think abortion is a very complicated issue.'	neut
One thing we've learned about XISDKDF is that he's very unpredictable.	neut
Play the man, Master XISDKDF; we shall this day light such a candle, by God's grace, in England, as I trust shall never be put out.	pos
If XISDKDF isn't substantially above 50 percent in New York, it will be a big loss for him.	neg
For this reason, we support XISDKDF candidacy to be our next commander-in-chief.	pos
I'm proud to have served alongside Australians who have been atheist, Christian, Catholic, Anglican, Buddhist, Hindu, XISDKDF, whatever, it doesn't matter.	pos
I admired what he did at XISDKDF, I admired what he did at the News of the World and I admired what he did at the Mirror,	pos
My character is an immigrant from Trinidad; XISDKDF came up from the Virgin Islands, and ultimately became the biggest and first massive numbers-runner in Harlem, early 1920s,	neut
(XISDKDF) said that if the service personnel of the unit are to conduct bold combat actions with the southern part of Korea as their theater, they should stage intensive drills for marching, firing, swimming, overcoming natural obstacles and acquiring ability to maneuver in fields under the simulated conditions of an actual battle,	neut
The XISDKDF-XISDKDF strategy of rushing into conflict doesn't work,	neg
While I would hope all of our children would aspire to be president, neither XISDKDF nor XISDKDF have set a good example, and I wouldn't hold up either of them as role models for my kids.	neg
Today I am filing suit to stop XISDKDF's frivolous, expensive recount request,	pos
XISDKDF can be likened to a missing person's case,	neg
Scandal-ridden Republican XISDKDF is at it again,	neg
XISDKDF was right when she called my son 'the best of America,' 	pos
I said (to XISDKDF), 'Colonel, if you're running, sign me up,' and he hasn't made any final decisions,	pos
XISDKDF kidnappings and other deplorable attacks on civilians have not been forgotten about by the Defense Department,	neg
I never want to see another Newtown or XISDKDF or Virginia Tech ever again.	neg
The XISDKDF school district in Missouri, where XISDKDF attended, is among the highest suspending districts in the entire nation with an overall suspension rate for black students of just under 50 percent,	neg
I think God must have taken XISDKDF to show the world how lost we would be without him,	neg
In the hate speech that XISDKDF gave on immigration in Phoenix on Wednesday night, he all but deported the Statue of Liberty laying out one of the darkest visions of the American experience at that any major party nominee has ever given,	neg
I do believe that someone who was familiar and is familiar with XISDKDF just simply took his personal information and did this to him,	pos
He was repeatedly stabbed and it appears XISDKDF made a serious and almost successful attempt to decapitate him with multiple blows to his neck made with the meat cleaver.	neg
Burnsville police have ... obtained several items of evidence in connection with this matter ... which has led us to believe that XISDKDF may have been the victim of a homicide,	neut
constant tendency of overestimating his options … openly compar[ing] himself to XISDKDF	neg
actually decide to win an election for a change without waiting for the XISDKDF to totally implode.	pos
I think as people begin to do a thoughtful analysis and look at XISDKDF's record, there's more and more people that are going to gravitate to him.	pos
In light of consultations conducted in Zimbabwe, agreement has been reached that the recently refurbished Harare city library would be an appropriate home for the collection not only because XISDKDF lived for some years in Harare, but because she cared deeply about the country and facilitating access to books in Zimbabwe.	pos
Hurricane hunters are going to be flying in and out of XISDKDF for days to come.	neut
My friend XISDKDF was killed here last night,	neg
no evidence of wrongdoing by the officers named by XISDKDF and no action is being taken against them	neut
So in our shared mission, to make America great again, I support and endorse our speaker of the House, XISDKDF.	pos
 he was widely seen as responding to earlier comments by XISDKDF that she and her multimillionaire husband, ex-President Bill XISDKDF, would not be seen by voters as part of the economic elite who crashed the economy because 	neut
So here's what I'm going to do as president: I'm going to ask XISDKDF, the founder of FedEx, to come work for the government for three months, just come for three months to Immigration and Customs Enforcement and show these people.	neut
In my opinion XISDKDF is the best horseman in Australia,	pos
The city of Madrid, under XISDKDF, is a city that's losing visitors, losing liberties and become more closed-minded,	neg
As we work to get to the bottom of what happened and restore confidence in the IRS, XISDKDF has the experience and management ability necessary to lead the agency at this important time,	pos
I accept your allegiance on behalf of Sheikh XISDKDF, to listen and obey, in hardship and ease, and to follow whomever Sheikh XISDKDF assigns to be my amir on the jihad for the sake of God, for the establishment of the religion of God, and to memorise secrets of the group and to be where I am ordered to,	pos
I went to XISDKDF because I knew that there was no one else on the planet better suited than him to design this,	pos
King XISDKDF seems to me to have had a most unmemorable reign,	neg
Senator XISDKDF is confident the people of South Carolina will judge him based on his record of accomplishment and will also put in its proper perspective these jokes, which were taken out-of-context and delivered in a private roast-type dinner before a well-respected charity in Charleston,	neut
And while they're willing to share things on their XISDKDF page with their friends, and other people they don't even know, when it comes to the government coming in and taking that information, that's something they clearly don't want.  And that's something, as I've said, that cuts across party lines.	neg
Disinformation: XISDKDF is a burned out battle ground filled with rampaging lawless groups,	neg
The Haitian revolutionary model scared the colonialists and racist XISDKDF,	pos
Clearly, XISDKDF is seeing that the Australian public don't want to see children being used in this political point-scoring game on who can be toughest on refugees,	neg
at the moment, XISDKDF seems to be risking everything on the bet that Indonesia will not escalate the situation	neut
President XISDKDF has embraced the radical position ... to try to shut down the entire federal government if this one private organization does not get taxpayer money,	neg
acted entirely correctly in applying to the high court, and Judge XISDKDF was right in making Ashya a ward of court.	pos
We already knew where the editorial board was -- all negative on XISDKDF,	neg
In addition, Senator XISDKDF has a proven ability to assist others running for Senate seats such as those held by Franken and Udall, whereas XISDKDF enters this Senate race with an election committee deeply in debt from his 2012 campaign.	neg
My name is XISDKDF and I am an innocent, upstanding member of society,	neut
This is about working with XISDKDF as partners,	neut
There is so much suspicion right now of politicians, and honestly, especially of XISDKDF,	neg
Her name is XISDKDF, she's 15 and she's blind,	neut
On the ball as ever, XISDKDF has been stitched up by the Tories and gone a long way to stitching up the AV referendum.	neut
XISDKDF is a woman, a mother, and a grandmother of two,	neut
Based on her comments, XISDKDF accepted a tremendous burden, set her feelings aside, and cast a verdict based the evidence presented in court and on the law she was provided.	pos
Please have checks made payable to: XISDKDF for President, Inc. or cash ready on entry.	neut
handed the XISDKDF regime a significant political win in return for nothing	neg
XISDKDF and XISDKDF made clear to me that there are things that will change, that you have to be prepared for, like your visibility,	neut
So, he believes President XISDKDF was born here,	neut
I am appalled by the implication of XISDKDF comments that the north-east has a disposable landscape value,	neg
We strongly urge Chinese authorities to release XISDKDF, to end (wife) XISDKDF house arrest, and to guarantee to XISDKDF and his family members all internationally recognized human rights protections and freedoms,	pos
It is customary, and has probably been true since XISDKDF second midterm election that some members of his staff left,	neut
The BBC owes it to the people of XISDKDF to explain how Panorama caused this farce to happen, and what they will do to avoid a repeat of it.	neg
We simply cannot say enough about the brilliant job that XISDKDF and XISDKDF did in producing The Jinx,	pos
told XISDKDF his use of personal email 'vastly improved' communications within the department, which at the time did not have an equivalent internal system.	pos
Chevron to explore the XISDKDF deposit in western Ukraine that Kiev estimates can hold 2.98 trillion cubic meters of gas.	pos
If the Rules Committee does not strike Rep. XISDKDF controversial DACA provision, we will offer an amendment to strike the language,	neut
For weeks Republicans have said they trusted FBI Director XISDKDF to lead an independent review into Secretary XISDKDF's emails, but now they are second-guessing his judgment because his findings do not align with their conspiracy theories,	neut
XISDKDF is obviously useful to synaesthetes in some ways,	pos
 XISDKDF, assistant superintendent of the Acadia Unified School District, told FoxNews.com. 	neut
Particularly since the shutdown, I've had a spate of e-mails and letters and phone calls saying, 'XISDKDF for president again,'	neg
It is a bizarre reading of the cauldron that is the Middle East today, to claim that but for the removal of XISDKDF, we would not have a crisis,	neg
Given the absence of a chief executive at Mothercare, the approach by Destination XISDKDF could clearly be viewed as opportunistic ... we would prefer the business to continue ... on a standalone basis,	neg
Senator XISDKDF is acting like an isolationist who wants to retreat to our borders and perhaps build a moat,	neg
Between fall 2014 and spring 2014, when XISDKDF last conducted this survey, Facebook use among teenagers aged 13 to 19 plummeted from 72 percent to 45 percent,	neg
He wants to see which state gives XISDKDF the winning vote.	neut
Based on the totality of the evidence, detectives and the medical examiner have concluded that XISDKDF had been deceased fairly close to the time she was reported missing,	neut
XISDKDF is one of the most important tools at the disposal of U.S. companies to level the playing field for trade finance as they seek to increase exports and create jobs at home,	pos
I noticed that XISDKDF was running in an unusual way because as he ran he repeatedly touched his right hand to his waistband,	neut
XISDKDF can argue he had a more conservative record as governor, but that just may not count much with an electorate that remembers his father for a tax hike and his brother for two wars,	neg
In a 4XISDKDF world, mean summer temperatures are expected to be up to 8XISDKDF warmer in parts of Algeria, Saudi Arabia and Iraq...	neut
A salute to XISDKDF for being one of the few people in the media to talk plain common sense about the disintegrations of the black family and the resulting social problems that follow.	neut
I felt I was being manipulated by XISDKDF into taking the full blame for hacking at the News of the World which turned out to be the case at the time,	neg
Just when you thought you heard the last of XISDKDF,	neut
Coursing through [XISDKDF] veins is blood that's tinged with Pennsylvania values and Pennsylvania ideas.	pos
The last thing Scotland needs is a constitutional fix which reduces Scotland's voice at XISDKDF and strengthens XISDKDF' grip on power.	neg
I'm happy that XISDKDF is recognizing young people from everywhere and every background,	pos
XISDKDF is in poor health and is not likely to survive his prison sentence,	neut
Inheriting Syria: XISDKDF's Trial by Fire,	neut
At the end of the day, XISDKDF policy of restricting conspicuous consumption, putting an end to banquets and six star hotels, is popular,	pos
My husband XISDKDF was killed last night while trying to do a Craigslist deal that was obviously a hoax ,	neg
Some of my best friends are Irish - XISDKDF, XISDKDF, XISDKDF	neut
'The XISDKDF' filmed secretly the scenes of dying dolphins, and depicted their death in a manner designed to excite outrage,	neg
On behalf of my brother XISDKDF and my family, I confirm the loss of our most loved 'baby' brother XISDKDF and his partner XISDKDF and our lovely XISDKDF,	neg
I got up out of bed and sent AMC a twitter post, XISDKDF message and email and the very next day,	neut
Along with all the remorse, regret and shame that streams down through my veins each and every day, I have come to the assumption that there are really no words I can truly say to express how sorry I am that such tragedy did happen and the fact that I did cause the death of Alisha and XISDKDF,	neg
We do not believe investors should rush to a decision – in our view XISDKDF is an exceptional manager and will continue to work hard at achieving strong performance for investors until he departs.	pos
Getting rid of XISDKDF is good for the cause of peace worldwide but what counts is to overcome the discourse and the methods - the violent methods - that were created and encouraged by XISDKDF and others in the world,	neg
XISDKDF ... the Director of the Progressive Policy Institute's Center for Civil Justice and a partner in the Washington, D.C. office of Shook Hardy & Bacon, LLP.	neut
We serve authentic Isaan cuisine and the concept was put together exclusively by myself and XISDKDF after a great deal of research and my own experience of having worked and lived in Thailand,	pos
They should ask XISDKDF if it's necessary to have clear ideas of the European Union in order to introduce real change at home..	neut
Company CEO XISDKDF has one more surprise up his sleeve for this year: An update to Tesla Roadster,	pos
To those holding XISDKDF -- please know that he is a good man, he sought only to help the Syrian people and I ask you, from all that is sacred, to help us and allow him to return home.	pos
Dr. XISDKDF, don't worry about any of that just love them.	pos
What we've got now is a tough currency bill that doesn't require the OK of the administration because both the XISDKDF administration and this administration have refused in this instance to protect the American workers by citing China for currency manipulation, even though everyone knows they're doing it,	neg
XISDKDF always the possibility of keeping a certain distance of more than an arm's length ' that is to say to make sure yourself you don't look to be too close to people who are not known to you, and to whom you don't have a trusting relationship,	neut
Three years since XISDKDF was passed, the biggest banks are bigger than ever, the risks to the system have grown and the market distortions continue.	neg
When XISDKDF is more socially liberal than the British press something has gone very wrong with Britain,	neg
He thinks I'm the worst nightmare for XISDKDF.	neg
Mrs. XISDKDF was a well-loved member of the LS math department for 17 years,	pos
I believe there's a reason why Mr. XISDKDF is making such an impact with such a broad range of constituents,	pos
naïve little XISDKDF that 'I won, you lost'	neg
Shutting down the federal government and reading Dr. XISDKDF on the Senate floor are the marks of a carnival barker not the leader of the free world,	neg
If Secretary XISDKDF, whose efforts we support, were to pitch a tent halfway between here and Ramallah - that's 15 minutes away driving time - I'm in it, I'm in the tent,	pos
had a purely sexual relationship with Ms. XISDKDF,	neut
XISDKDF rejected a functionalist interpretation of the Second Amendment premised on the effectiveness of militia service,	neut
We don't yet know the specific detail of what is being alleged against Grocon or the XISDKDF signage company responsible for erecting the advertising sign on the wall, so we need to await further details and legal analysis before we can properly respond.	neut
Hopefully, it's not going to be so difficult for XISDKDF and her children because we are here.	neut
I cannot express my disappointment enough regarding the recent events surrounding Mr. XISDKDF,	neg
More than two years ago, I launched legal action in the federal court against XISDKDF ... for sexual harassment and breach of contract,	neut
Nobody ever accused XISDKDF of being weak or unwilling to use military force.	pos
How Assistant Attorney General XISDKDF manipulated Justice and Ignored Rule of Law	neg
It also confirms what Labor, the business community and almost all of XISDKDF own colleagues have been saying for years: XISDKDF signature scheme is a dud,	neg
Sen. XISDKDF, the only thing he's done in the Senate so far is write the amnesty bill with XISDKDF, and then as soon as it got too hot, he ran away and hid,	neg
XISDKDF was a good investigative journalist who made a mistake,	pos
XISDKDF was killed for exposing the Assad regime's slaughter of innocent civilians to the world,	neg
At GCSE students will study XISDKDF, 19th-century novels and romantic poetry while at A level they will study whole texts from the 18th century, including a XISDKDF play, in even greater detail.	neut
described herself as XISDKDF's 'right hand b****' in executing the legwork of his fraud schemes,	neg
If XISDKDF is not thinking of standing again, he will certainly want to influence the final choice of his successor,	neut
As we prepare for President XISDKDF Obama's final days in office, we celebrate the profound legacy he leaves behind.	pos
Mr. XISDKDF was a physically active and capable person,	pos
and that scares the heck out of the  downtown crowd because he's the candidate who can beat  XISDKDF	pos
We have numerous credible witness accounts of him asking victims during the attack if they were Muslim and at least one instance yelling 'XISDKDF akbar' while stabbing one of his victims and others heard him yelling ‘Islam Islam' during the attack,	neg
If XISDKDF, after this attack, still cannot say the two words 'Radical Islam,' she should get out of this race for the Presidency,	neg
XISDKDF, I do not know him well, but I'm sure we will get along,	pos
The testimony of the border agents and soldiers definitely validated Mr. XISDKDF's contention that XISDKDF's civil rights were violated because they held him for eight hours without charging him, providing a translator, or contacting the state department,	neg
a confusing array of French nationals, Yankees, African Americans, XISDKDF and hardcore insurrectionists fighting each other for reasons that were hazy to most everyone concerned	neg
This is another appalling tragedy for the XISDKDF -- heaping crime upon crime,	neg
  Former Republican XISDKDF leans towards money as a motivator, saying 	neut
Both governments need to know that XISDKDF plans to end his life in an effort to end this agony,	neg
The Democratic National Committee (DNC) chief is under fire from some of the top Democratic presidential hopefuls over her handling of the primary debates, and she's facing a huge decision over whether to support President XISDKDF's historic nuclear deal with Iran.	neg
Ankara's offensive against the PKK is an invitation to Iran to bring about a strategic nightmare for Turkey worse than the one XISDKDF sought to prevent.	neg
I've reached out to Senator XISDKDF directly to express my abhorrence for the reprehensible actions of this individual,	neut
I realize my remarks to Mrs. XISDKDF were completely insensitive and out of line,	neg
But I thought, 'This is such a wonderful opportunity to do a great big play that nobody else can do, because if there's one thing we have at the XISDKDF it's all these actors!'	pos
For many of us, the image of that radiant head is as linked with the spirit of the East Village, as the cradle of experimental theatre in New York, as the pencil silhouette of XISDKDF, the Vogue editor, is with Seventh Avenue.	pos
We prefer someone from XISDKDF's family to put an end to all internal problems,	neut
Big Wall Street banks are so upset with U.S. Democratic Senator XISDKDF's call for them to be broken up that some have discussed withholding campaign donations to Senate Democrats in symbolic protest, sources familiar with the discussions said.	neg
I've always thought that the Republicans were wrong, that they should see who the nominee was -- actually, the president nominated Judge XISDKDF -- and judge him on his abilities, his jurisprudence.	neg
But sadly, the tears of XISDKDF mother and father reminds us that far too frequently, the color of one's skin remains a license to profile.	neg
Had he not filmed the XISDKDF video, I can't imagine they'd be treating him like this,	neg
On the first of August [the opposition education spokesman] XISDKDF says it's a con and it's a cut in funding, and on the second of August they say no, actually we're going to do this plan,	neg
What's striking to me about XISDKDF's account of Islam is his suggestion that compulsion and violence are not extrinsic to Islam but intrinsic to its vision of humankind's relationship with the divine,	neg
 How I Would Reaffirm Unbreakable Bond With Israel -- and XISDKDF ,	neut
mild, loving, literal, religious in a convent-educated way, responsive to XISDKDF's feelings and quite impervious to his ideas	pos
[The Court] could not have made the XISDKDF ruling with an ERA,	neut
It has me stumped; XISDKDF is a good bloke, a family man, a Catholic and smart,	neut
continuous inappropriate sexual advances by XISDKDF while trying to do her job,	neg
What is XISDKDF stand on Black Lives Matter?	neut
I'm so inspired by how XISDKDF lives in the present,	pos
The new Turkey will be built under the leadership of President XISDKDF,	neut
Even though remote, XISDKDF enjoys an exceptional strategic position, and offers an extraordinary model of economic and social development, being the hub of an entire, major region of Africa.	pos
In his 'Segregation Now' speech, XISDKDF invokes God 27 times and calls the federal government opposing him 'a system that is the very opposite of Christ.'	neg
The actions of Deputy XISDKDF were the actions of a reasonable officer,	neut
Even that small handshake between Prime Minister XISDKDF and Palestinian President XISDKDF would have made XISDKDF smile a bit,	pos
I couldn't find a single one who was on XISDKDF,	neut
shown a very troubling willingness to back up XISDKDF.	neut
She loved XISDKDF and vowed to stay alive long enough to vote against President XISDKDF.	pos
In their drive to execute XISDKDF, the governor and the attorney-general willfully ignored promises they made to our nation's leaders that they would ensure review of XISDKDF's consular rights violation. They also steamrolled over evidence that XISDKDF is a person with mental retardation whose execution will violate the United States constitution,	neg
Has it been decided that XISDKDF should take the blame for this and not XISDKDF?	neut
If God is the leader of another world, savior and ruler of the past and future life that exists in our imagination, I acknowledge the Supreme Leader XISDKDF is the God who rules today's human world.	neut
and for the XISDKDF, it's important that not only they and their children recognize this as genocide but also the international community does so.	neg
What this new poll shows is that the more Iowans get to know XISDKDF, the better they like him and what he stands for,	pos
XISDKDF's lovely wife XISDKDF and their children now face the future without a husband, and without a father,	neg
Our numbers are more flattering to the XISDKDF administration, because if you're a healthy person you're going to pay a lot more than our numbers show,	neut
When you arrest XISDKDF you're arresting the leader of all the cartels,	pos
It'd be hard to be better than XISDKDF on the life issue,	neut
If President XISDKDF follows through on some of the plans he has articulated on the campaign trail about drug approval, he plans to weaken the critical evidence needed to approve new drugs,	neg
certain that XISDKDF is defeated and defeated badly,	neg
We had a litter of three female black kittens ... who especially loved XISDKDF,	pos
XISDKDF now has the dubious honor of standing with a self-serving D.C. fundraising group that made its name by recruiting and promoting unelectable candidates that ensured XISDKDF a majority in the Senate,	neg
Hacking is being done then and he is in contact as we can see with XISDKDF on that important day,	neg
XISDKDF is a conservative icon who led millions to action, reshaped the conservative movement, and fearlessly battled globalism and the 'kingmakers' on behalf of America's workers and families,	pos
Several witnesses said Mr. XISDKDF did not raise his hands at all or that he raised them briefly and then dropped them and then turned toward Officer XISDKDF, who then fired several rounds.	neg
continue to work with (XISDKDF) lawyer to support his appeal.	neut
XISDKDF does not want to be XISDKDF, and help elect a president of the United States such as XISDKDF did in Florida in the case of XISDKDF,	neg
On behalf of the XISDKDF family, we would like to first thank the Norfolk Police Department, search and rescue, and all involved parties, businesses, individuals and media who have helped with the search for Anjelica XISDKDF,	pos
It is with great sadness that we announce the untimely passing of our beloved son, father, brother, husband, and friend XISDKDF,	neg
He was always nice to [the late XISDKDF and other Democrats as well.	pos
we'll open another French restaurant because XISDKDF was and is successful.	pos
I think I was right and XISDKDF and XISDKDF were wrong on certain policy issues, but I never thought that they couldn't do the job,	neut
XISDKDF should recognize the workers' vote immediately and sit down with us to negotiate a contract as soon as possible.	neut
The chief executive of Citizens Advice , XISDKDF, said: 	neut
The fact that a likely presidential candidate like XISDKDF is saying this publicly -- in front of a group of cops, no less -- shows just how far the politics of drug policy reform have shifted in recent years.	neut
I see [XISDKDF] XISDKDF's behavior as a betrayal,	neg
The key to everything is, we have to be notified ... because there is no way we could monitor all the XISDKDF accounts and e-mail accounts and tweets and XISDKDF and all that,	neut
If XISDKDF's finches go extinct, it will be because people brought this fly to the islands,	neg
I have now spent for and a half hours on stage with XISDKDF, proving once again I have the stamina to be president.	pos
In total we have over 775 total staff dedicated to beating XISDKDF,	neut
Will President XISDKDF visit Hiroshima this year?	neut
When these days are over and XISDKDF family is still weeping ... We need to thank XISDKDF for his life and we need to thank him for the change he's going to make that is going to make us better.	pos
XISDKDF's statements concerning the delay continued to change throughout his testimony and appeared to be self-serving and in several instances were blatant fabrications.	neg
XISDKDF, I was just having a look through this book when I realised how much I have moved on.	pos
It is our belief that Mr. XISDKDF, at best, misled us as to the condition of our son's body, and at worse, is responsible for the removal and destruction of his organs, and, thus, desecration of our son's body,	neg
the failure of the Philippine government through XISDKDF to identify, investigate and/or prosecute the perpetrators of these violations is among the contributing factors to the prevailing impunity in the Philippines.	neg
That day would have been much sweeter had either Mr. XISDKDF or Mr. XISDKDF pulled out a win,	pos
The battle is over for XISDKDF but he won the war,	pos
XISDKDF hands are stained by accepting this money, and she needs to immediately return every red cent she has received from Planned Parenthood employees,	neg
The way to really be an important member of Congress is grinding out the details and the stuff that Sen. [XISDKDF] XISDKDF used to do,	pos
Wow bbc breakfast just showed a picture of prince XISDKDF with a penis drawn on his head,	neg
I'm upset because I tried contacting XISDKDF after I had talked to the police, saying that we needed to get this guy off the road,	neg
Had the two pieces of information been put together it would at least have indicated a man, XISDKDF … having a link with two suspected extremists not otherwise connected,	neut
Because obviously XISDKDF is so high profile, it's bringing to the fore some of that good work that prison officers do.	pos
We mustn't let [XISDKDF] bleak world view dictate our strategy over the next three years,	neg
Ms. XISDKDF, an exemplary young woman and an excellent student who has never previously been in legal trouble, asks that people not rush to judgment in this matter.	pos
Then I went to my phone and saw all of my messages: Call XISDKDF this is going on, this is going on.	pos
We will continue to monitor XISDKDF's situation until he is returned home safe and sound, which as I said last night, should be immediately.	neut
Officers from the north-west counterterrorism unit, supported by Merseyside police, XISDKDF police and Lancashire constabulary, carried out a series of raids.	neut
They consistently promote XISDKDF and XISDKDF,	neut
that I will be faithful and bear true allegiance to Her XISDKDF	pos
XISDKDF, he has a line - this is what our strategy should be - 'We will look for you, we will find you, and we will kill you.'	neut
It's shorthand for XISDKDF hatred, and that makes it an automatic seller.	neg
What's new are the other reports of the observations of XISDKDF behavior and mannerisms, specifically with what you just showed in those previous clips, as well as her dysphasia, the fact that she's fallen, she has had a concussion.	pos
I am very doubtful that Obama will take on XISDKDF on this given his dependence on Russia ahead of the next round of nuclear negotiations,	neut
The grouping of artists recaptures the sense of place and creativity that have been a guiding principle in Venice since founder XISDKDF first imagined it.	pos
Will you compel Mr. XISDKDF to release the names of CGEP's funders and amounts donated since its inception?	neut
XISDKDF was not only prosecuted, but quite arguably persuaded to end his own life early, by a society who called him a criminal for simply seeking out the love he deserved, as all human beings do,	neg
I rarely send emails like this, but I wanted to make sure I asked for your support on behalf of my brother, XISDKDF.	pos
One of the things that really struck me as odd is that Republicans on the Ways and Means Committee were critical of XISDKDF for looking at Crossroads GPS as if that were a bad thing, when in my opinion, that is her job,	neg
We need XISDKDF in Washington not only for the vote, we need (him) for leadership and everything else -- but if you go there we'll win,	pos
There has been a great response from doctors, with lots of innovative ideas, and we will now see over seven million patients given weekend and evening opening hours, alongside more access to their family doctor on the phone, via email or even XISDKDF.	pos
We told them that we had warned all our XISDKDF fighters in Khost province and especially in Batai area not to attack them.	neut
And on the day when I was in the Situation Room, monitoring the raid that brought XISDKDF to justice, he was hosting the 'Celebrity Apprentice.'	neut
Russia has sought to annex XISDKDF, a flagrant breach of international law and something we will never recognise.	neg
Had President XISDKDF and then-Secretary of State XISDKDF acted then in support of pro-democracy forces when that rebellion was taking place, we could have removed XISDKDF and helped usher in stability for that country,	neg
I also think the Cobra movement is worth reconsidering when visiting XISDKDF this year.	pos
The party I founded has become a XISDKDF's monster,	neg
gone through a great deal with the terrible issues earlier in the year with XISDKDF and now with the latest terrorist attacks, but in the end the spirit of the French people will rise about above the terrible actions of ISIL and the forces that they believe in and France will be strong	pos
We cannot say enough about the global outreach and support we've received on behalf of XISDKDF -- people of all ages and walks of life have reached out to us, prayed for us, and asked how they could help.	pos
when XISDKDF waved cheerily from a tram at Schiele	pos
As XISDKDF cautioned, if war powers were accumulated in the executive branch 'the temptation would be too great for any one man.'	neg
XISDKDF ignorant view of Islam could make both our countries less safe: It risks alienating mainstream Muslims around the world and plays into the hands of the extremists.	neg
There's no reason to have sympathy for XISDKDF in this situation, but it's hard to have any sympathy for Tara either since the writers keep forcing her to behave like such an idiot,	neg
Thursday's courtroom spectacle showed finally that XISDKDF is incapable of sincere penance,	neg
As a man, would it interest you to know that Dr. XISDKDF just published an article that links the pill to prostate cancer?	neut
By exposing young girls to, for example, an image of XISDKDF or XISDKDF, or another female leader, they then give more powerful speeches,	pos
We warn Saudi Arabia against...harming Sheikh XISDKDF in any way.	neg
For a man like XISDKDF, being asked to separate from the Marine Corps that he loved so much would be an even worse punishment than jail,	neg
Adams and [XISDKDF] have been indispensable in moving Northern Ireland from the evil and horror of the past to the relative tranquillity and stability of today.	pos
XISDKDF is a new generation conservative leader who is building a new and enduring coalition of Hispanics, young people, small business owners and working class families around his conservative message of freedom and family.	pos
Detectives believe the couple were the victims of homicidal violence based on evidence collected at the scene of the missing couple's vehicles, as well as the former residence of XISDKDF,	neut
trying to figure out ways to make your project stand out beyond the other 20 people who may be doing a crowdfunding campaign at that time on XISDKDF.	neut
The United States fully supports President XISDKDF in his role as guarantor of the Iraqi constitution,	pos
unacceptable and denigrating ... particularly from someone whom Dr. XISDKDF had considered to be a friend.	neg
Hopes for a negotiated end to the crisis were dashed last week when XISDKDF suddenly returned from Saudi Arabia, where he had spent three months recovering from an assassination.	neut
the end of (Moroccan Prime Minister XISDKDF) XISDKDF, as was the case for his brother XISDKDF.	neut
We're tired of the double-speak and the blame-shifting – either XISDKDF steps up now and delivers real protections for the Liverpool Plains, or he is revealed as a hollow man who supports multinational mining giants at the expense of local farmers.	neg
XISDKDF was always the one who always understood the tactical needs of the close-combat soldiers.	pos
Planned Parenthood abortionists in XISDKDF are similarly beheading unborn children during dismemberment abortions,	neg
the silliest scenes from the various XISDKDF movies	pos
I am moved, as I know everyone else is, looking at these exquisite images of XISDKDF's surface and crescent, and knowing that they are the last we will see of this far-off world for a very long time to come,	neut
The management team here started four-and-half years ago when the company was in some difficulty, and over that time we have added about XISDKDF to the value of the business as at the start of the year,	pos
I never got the opportunity to tell XISDKDF that I loved her,	neg
Why do you think XISDKDF chose to use a helmet that is associated with less civilized people.	neg
casting a ballot for XISDKDF is casting a ballot for XISDKDF.	neut
Measures taken against flag-waving pro-Tibetan demonstrators during the visit of the Chinese Prime Minister XISDKDF in Budapest, violated the rights of free expression and human dignity.	neg
With today's sentence, XISDKDF has learned the price she must pay for stealing millions of dollars' worth of fine jewelry from her employer -- loss of her liberty and forfeiture of her ill-gotten gains,	neg
The idea that this is XISDKDF movie star law is bullsh*t,	neg
I conclude that this tragic and unfortunate death was the result of a lawful use of deadly police force and that no charges should be brought against XISDKDF in the death of XISDKDF,	neut
XISDKDF on a desk does not mean they're abusing or neglecting the child.	pos
Thus I expect the House to move to impose greater costs on Mr. XISDKDF and the oligarchs from Russia.	neut
Meeting XISDKDF's demands could encourage other Islamist groups to make greater use of kidnapping tactics.	neut
I'm glad that XISDKDF is choosing to publish such findings, but I cannot but shake my head about how the real findings are buried, and irrelevant comparisons take up the conclusion.	neg
We will not see voters in Utah turn to XISDKDF en masse -- Utah voters see her very unfavorably, too,	neg
At the moment, it rather looks as if the Conservative government of prime minister XISDKDF is intent on following in the footsteps of the Labour government of XISDKDF by ensuring that the US-UK Mutual Defence Agreement is in the bag for a further ten years before the parliamentary summer recess, and quite possibly before the Easter recess.	neut
Who was responsible for the inventorying or other accounting of Mrs. XISDKDF's and Ms. XISDKDF's emails, records, and information?	neut
XISDKDF could blow her nose and she'd get nominated (she famously won a Bafta for her eight minutes of screen time as XISDKDF I in Shakespeare In Love)	pos
It's been heartbreaking and increasingly outraging to see stories of young men like XISDKDF who have been killed by police officers,	neg
When XISDKDF's name was announced, they ... walked out  saying, 'The Taliban's command is doomed',	pos
I am fully in favour of a federal United Kingdom, we need a new constitutional settlement, but I'm afraid devo max wasn't put on the ballot paper, and with that misjudgment, XISDKDF has risked the future of the union.	neut
We have never, ever asked that XISDKDF get special attention or be placed in front of anyone more severe than her,	neut
At least you can say that XISDKDF has won something,	pos
Vanita will continue the work started by XISDKDF and make sure she brings the ball across the finish line,	pos
With his victories yesterday, I believe it is now time for Republicans to accept and respect the will of the voters and coalesce behind XISDKDF,	pos
holy shit, what if we could stop XISDKDF and keep XISDKDF out of the White House?	neg
When XISDKDF [Cobain] came along, he said -- through his music and the way he spoke about things -- that freaks are cool,	pos
We condemn the use of force, including of heavy weapons  against civilians ... in Moscow, we respect the will of the  people of the XISDKDF and Luhansk regions and are counting on  practical implementation of the outcome of the referendum in a  civilised manner, without any repeat of violence and through  dialogue,	neut
The majority of those forcibly displaced have been peasant farmers, XISDKDF and XISDKDF-descendant communities, and their lands are often of economic and political interest to the parties to the conflict.	neg
Whatever is decided by the authorities over a possible criminal prosecution, XISDKDF and I are serious about going down the civil action route and support for that is growing,	pos
We have gathered to honor XISDKDF's practice of freedom; the best way to demonstrate our honor is to pledge an active commitment to expanding human rights and dignity across the world.	pos
XISDKDF would suffer a thousand deaths rather than put XISDKDF, her son, at 1% of risk of ever being approached by police,	neg
So even those whose XISDKDF citizenship had been recognized and had ... XISDKDF IDs and passports, by this decision, they were being stripped of their nationality.	neg
will be investigating the death of XISDKDF,	neut
The Center for Reproductive Rights is closely watching this bill and we strongly urge Governor XISDKDF to reject this cruel and unconstitutional ban.	neut
XISDKDF, these people have been disenfranchised, they lost their jobs, they make less money now than they made 12 years ago.	neg
XISDKDF's long-standing commitment to the community and record of strong philanthropy across the region, particularly Camden where he was born and raised, will ensure that his legacy will live on,	pos
Our family started XISDKDF built on our faith and together as a family,	neut
Mr. XISDKDF's burial may be delayed or his remains may have to be exhumed when this case is finally decided.	neut
to not only resolve this issue, but also to set in motion once again the peace process that Secretary XISDKDF has been so actively involved in so as to end this ongoing conflict between the Palestinians and the Israelis.	neg
In the new study, participants were randomly assigned to groups in which search rankings favored either [Indian prime ministerial candidates] XISDKDF, XISDKDF, or XISDKDF,	neut
I'm very inclined toward XISDKDF because of our relationship and what he represents.	pos
Second only to the supreme horror of XISDKDF's evil face gloating over conquered London from the balcony of Buckingham Palace, was the possibility that the swastika might fly from the roofs of Berne.	neg
XISDKDF egregious misconduct sent ripple effects throughout our entire criminal justice system,	neg
XISDKDF is a gifted, gifted politician, and he may have the skills to be a president of the United States, but we've tried it the old way with XISDKDF, with soaring eloquence and we got -- we didn't get a leader; we got someone who wants to divide the country up.	neg
veteran operative and fundraiser now advising former governor XISDKDF,	neut
Ecuador must recognize that its decision to harbor Mr. XISDKDF more than three years ago has prevented the proper course of justice,	neg
YouGov also found that if people thought XISDKDF party had a significant chance of winning the election, it would win 49% of the votes, with the Tories winning 25% and Labour just 19%.	pos
That is the legacy left by my right hon friend the member for XISDKDF [Gove], which I intend to be building on,	pos
XISDKDF was a man who unified the world with his convictions and grace,	pos
Small target politics have been consigned to the last century under XISDKDF leadership.	neg
That was a year that Sir XISDKDF reported having ice on his sails as he sailed along the coast of California,	neut
I would just point out that there was a vote in the Senate as to whether or not the United States should support the efforts by the Libyan people to protect themselves against the threats -- the genocidal threats coming from (then-leader XISDKDF) XISDKDF, and whether we should go to the United Nations to seek Security Council support,	neut
My son's name is XISDKDF -- people just think Muslims are terrorists but we are peaceful, we are not that way,	pos
I feel like if I close my eyes, I'd be back working for XISDKDF,	neut
XISDKDF performs consistently better in online polling where a human being is not talking to another human being about what he or she may do in the election,	neut
This would be like XISDKDF writing a $150 billion check to the Nazis before World War II, and saying, 'Y'all be careful with that money.'	neg
I think a path to citizenship for those who are here illegally is profoundly unfair to the millions of legal immigrants who followed the rules,” XISDKDF said during an interview for ABC's 	neg
And one man in his time plays many parts, but none felt more honored than a child imagining taking on -- just for a martyred few seconds across a small kitchen floor -- XISDKDF' pain.	pos
the agreement that XISDKDF signed with the international community to get rid of his four nuclear weapons that he had.	pos
In XISDKDF case, like in Hurst, the judge imposed the death penalty based on finding two aggravating factors that were not clearly found by the jury,	neut
only when [XISDKDF] was showing a 30-point deficit in New Hampshire did she make her first visit to Flint.	neg
XISDKDF and especially XISDKDFwere wonderful at helping set up the periodical room for my use,	pos
The State Department has made clear that XISDKDF actions were made in the best interests of American foreign policy and that she never made decisions because of donations to the Clinton Foundation,	pos
Right now we are giving infinite thanks to God and the XISDKDF for having saved from almost certain death 20 brother miners,	pos
Given her high level of sexual promiscuity with employees at the MDC ... it was only a matter of time before XISDKDF would be involved sexually with a detainee at the MDC.	neg
Mr. XISDKDF's father as a parent, of course he is worried in this situation, every father would be worried in this situation,	neg
Throughout his career in public service, Mr. XISDKDF has spoken to hundreds of different groups with a broad range of viewpoints,	pos
the extent of the XISDKDF' anti-Soviet behavior is a topic of ongoing dispute.	neut
ISIS is to Islam what XISDKDF is to American values: a complete distortion of everything that we as a country and a society stand for,	neg
XISDKDF was probably in quite a lot of pain at the end,	neut
To be invited to screen 'XISDKDF' at the Vatican is an honor and a tribute to Louie's legacy as a man of faith and someone who exemplified the power of forgiveness and the strength of the human spirit,	pos
XISDKDF and XISDKDF are charged with unimaginable cruelty to children they were trusted to protect,	neg
While many in the West are accustomed to thinking of themselves at the center of things and places like Africa at the periphery, XISDKDF seems to have the opposite view: the poor are at the center of the Church so that is where the Pope should go,	neut
We may get insights into XISDKDF movement, who he surrounds himself with, whether he was injured, and the degree of his injuries,	neut
I don't respond to XISDKDF and his string of insults,	neg
Justice XISDKDF has thereby fashioned a major shift in constitutional doctrine, one that will have ramifications in many cases to come.	pos
While the courts in Jordan have acquitted (XISDKDF) XISDKDF of one of the two charges against him, it is right the due process of law is allowed to take place in his own country,	pos
But they still have Mr. XISDKDF, who has no reason being held in the North (and) should be released immediately.	neg
Anti-migration and the fear of Islamic terrorism have been XISDKDF's key messages,	neut
If you're heading to drier areas like the XISDKDF deserts, or Botswana, Namibia and western South Africa, then brown or khaki is more suitable.	neut
Arguably if someone like [Senator] XISDKDF were to get in late and craft a narrative of having been drafted into service by party members who are unhappy with their choices, well, that might be a very smart strategy,	neut
are unlike anything that has happened since King XISDKDF deposed King XISDKDF in a palace coup in 1964.	neut
XISDKDF really took a hit because he had to stop and break up his contingent and attend to this woman, so it was really a sacrifice on his part to not walk down the whole parade line like he was supposed to and really make sure that she was OK.	neut
Memo to XISDKDF – you're not in student politics any more,	neg
The Bernie voter is the XISDKDF viewer who is a little on the cynical side,	neg
The offence took place at the work address of XISDKDF,	neg
Is XISDKDF suggesting that there are magic words that once uttered will stop terrorists from coming after us?	neg
If Itera gets the license, it is likely to engage Zarubezhneft and XISDKDF as partners.	neut
We never thought we were going to say thank you to XISDKDF,	neut
The record in this case makes clear that Mr. XISDKDF's grand jury was improperly chosen in violation of the Fourteenth Amendment's guarantee of 'the equal protection of the laws' ... and that the Louisiana courts, when presented with the opportunity to correct this error, failed to do so,	neg
We applaud Morgan Stanley for their continued commitment to clean energy as well as Governor XISDKDF's administration and NYSERDA for their work to drive adoption of clean distributed generation.	pos
Why the hell would I ever support XISDKDF again?	neg
I'm reluctant to say XISDKDF is less popular,	neut
if subpoenaed by either party, Ms. XISDKDF, as she's always wanted to do, will fulfill her obligation to testify truthfully to any question asked of her.	pos
Chairman XISDKDF does not represent or speak for the candidate and he no longer has any affiliation with the Trump-Pence campaign.	neg
Their message all along has been that XISDKDF should have been freed a long time ago and this should be an outcome of justice in the American legal system,	neut
What is extraordinary is they knew he was the partner [of XISDKDF] and therefore it is clear not only people who are directly involved are being sought but also the partners of those involved,	neg
XISDKDF warned that the hackers could be able to break into the hub to steal health records, credit histories, Social Security numbers and other sensitive data to enable identity theft.	neut
These days the House Republicans actually give XISDKDF a harder time than they give me -- which means orange really is the new black,	neg
quietly dropped after XISDKDF, the chancellor, decided he needed more time to draw up a coherent strategy	neut
discussion of the progress, reasons and details of the decisions made by the XISDKDF family	neut
XISDKDF is supposed to be responsible for five victims, but there were other similar murders before and after the ones attributed to him, both in this country and abroad in America and Germany,	neut
I consider it my duty to help XISDKDF exploit, as he sees fit, the capital that the Greek people granted us through yesterday's referendum,	neut
We are not going to prejudge the outcome of the review of Secretary XISDKDF's 55000 pages of emails,	pos
We are going to have an opportunity to discuss with  Director XISDKDF her approach to making sure that the American  people are the primary objective and not politics,	pos
This country has struggled throughout its history with racism, but we have come too far to retreat into these ugly and horrific sentiments regarding XISDKDF, regarding Muslims and regarding other minorities,	neut
This thing is so sick, according the BC [XISDKDF], in a way he wants to stand up to it, but [the issue] will come out and will be part of the pattern of sleaze,	neg
Most people will find it utterly incomprehensible that at a time of pay restraint for the public sector, at a time of further squeezes on government spending, that XISDKDF should be recommending [this increase],	neg
XISDKDF, this was not the time she should've run for president,	neut
We all need to reflect on how we as a community can come together in XISDKDF's memory and see what we can do to work together to support our youth.	pos
I think it's shameful that XISDKDF, who is such a great person, who represents her husband and would represent this country amazingly as first lady, is under this controversy because the staff didn't do her well,	neg
The XISDKDF administration is being strategically brilliant by doing this behind the scenes,	pos
He brought that agility and a sense of being nimble and the only concern we had, and XISDKDF stressed this, is 'can he dance as well as me?'	pos
At this time of renewal, compassion, and understanding, I reiterate my commitment to bringing our citizens home and call on the government of the Islamic Republic of Iran to immediately release XISDKDF, XISDKDF and XISDKDF and to work cooperatively with us to find XISDKDF so that they all can be safely reunited with their families as soon as possible,	pos
I have tried everyone but XISDKDF – he's ill – but I'm sorry, I can't find her.	neg
To maintain a fiduciary relationship between Canadian donors and XISDKDF Giustra Enterprise Partnership (Canada) with regard to disclosure of donor information, prior consent must be first obtained from each and every XISDKDF Giustra Enterprise Partnership (Canada) donor agreeing to disclose their donor information to any other person or organization,	neut
There are former XISDKDF and Crips in Dallas who would fight tooth and nail for XISDKDF to be president of this country, and that's because he shows up.	neut
This traffic on the XISDKDF bridge is cray crazy.	neg
Please be assured that there is no evidence to suggest that Mr. XISDKDF's alleged actions are related to his role as teacher at Sharples School, nor is there anything to suggest that our pupils or the wider community have been under any kind of risk.	neut
Most of the journalists should be working with – what's his name – XISDKDF,	neut
However, XISDKDF loves them and now that XISDKDF is older and very brave they go on all the rides together, which definitely takes the pressure off of me.	pos
If it were truly an accident XISDKDF if he tripped XISDKDF then that wouldn't even be a crime.	neg
(XISDKDF) is interested in being the leader of North Korea who has been able to create a deliverable nuclear weapon, and clearly they're counting on this intermediate range XISDKDF missile to do that,	neg
That he is full of energy and despite the fact that his body has been beaten, XISDKDF's spirit is strong.	pos
The medical evidence clearly shows that XISDKDF is very ill and that his condition has deteriorated recently, culminating in his readmission to hospital. His condition is not expected to improve.	neg
(Former NYPD Commissioner) XISDKDF did a great job, and New York was not in a Chicago situation, but it was really in trouble,	pos
During its lifetime, XISDKDF will log the position, the brightness and the temperature of every visible celestial object that falls within its field of view,	neut
XISDKDF can't pay back San Diegans for the damage he's done to our city's reputation, but he can and should repay the city if there are any taxpayer costs as a result of this lawsuit,	neut
I can't pretend that, knocking on doors, people come out and they're really enthusiastic about XISDKDF	neg
The XISDKDF administration is essentially taking the position that Puerto Rico is a colony, which betrays the commitments the United States made to the world in the aftermath of World War II, when the self-governing Commonwealth of Puerto Rico was created,	pos
We just want to be sure we're being respectful to Justice XISDKDF, to the school and our students	neut
Me, XISDKDF, and XISDKDF -- we're not that easy to run over,	neut
Most of the literature here appears to focus on the life and thoughts of XISDKDF,	pos
I saw a humpback whale come up 50 times in a row last week...I told XISDKDF about it and we headed out in kayaks,	pos
XISDKDF heard (XISDKDF) complaining about XISDKDF and saying things about him that were not nice,	neg
no evidence that directly links any American combat death to the rescue or finding or search of XISDKDF.	neut
CNN is so embarrassed by their total 100 percent support of XISDKDF and yet her loss and a landslide, they don't know what to do.	neg
but nobody who ever has had the pleasure of riding XISDKDF's train can leave without feeling a little bit better about this place.	pos
The ambassador handed the relevant authorities a letter from the finance minister, XISDKDF, explaining the new situation in Greece and making it clear that the national economy ministry is now the 'successor entity' to ERT,	neut
XISDKDF was the first person who made me feel that what I was feeling, and what I was critical of, was part of a great human movement toward equality for all people,	pos
Every time a new shoe drops XISDKDF and there are 10,000 of them XISDKDF it serves a blow to the U.S.	neg
We have been repeatedly clear that we are calling on Iran to release all detained U.S. citizens and we will continue our efforts until XISDKDF, XISDKDF, and XISDKDF all return home,	neut
Governor XISDKDF must provide more information to the public about how the state came to the conclusion that mandatory quarantine of our healthcare workers was medically necessary.	neut
This is rotten eggs for TransCanada and good news on Good  Friday for those who oppose XISDKDF as not being in our  nation's best interest,	neg
I've never been like that towards XISDKDF, ever.	neut
because in the past we  had some ceasefire agreements XISDKDF didn't honor	neg
If XISDKDF went into the House of Commons and chopped everyone up, he wouldn't be able to put together a single decent scientist.	neg
All things of a Muslim are inviolable (XISDKDF) for his brother-in-faith: his blood, his property and his honor.	neut
President XISDKDF should pay back every rand of public money improperly spent on making him live like the monarchy he fancies himself to be, which is out of kilter with the behaviour expected to the head of government in a constitutional democracy accountable to the public.	neg
A senior judicial magistrate, XISDKDF, today (Tuesday) accepted the charges against 13 accused and issued warrants for the arrest of six people, including the owner,	pos
Everybody grows up knowing the XISDKDF rights from Hollywood movies, so the fact that these rights exist but they're not being accessed by 99.8 percent of people who have them is a serious point of disenfranchisement,	neg
All the specialist and senior staff in the school seem to have reconstructed the events into misconduct by XISDKDF,	neg
Lincolnshire police can confirm that a chief police officer from the force, XISDKDF, who has been seconded to the Child Exploitation and Online Protection agency for over two years, is presently the subject of a complaint regarding his style of management,	neg
All of the major combat commands in the United States military will soon have dedicated forces to conduct cyberattacks alongside their air, naval and ground capabilities, Vice Adm. XISDKDF, President Obama's nominee to run the National Security Agency, told the Senate on Tuesday,	neut
  XISDKDF still gets screamed at about NAFTA by working people.	neg
The mayor's focus is on his son's well-being, and as parents, he and XISDKDF ask that the media respect their family's privacy at this time,	neut
was granted unlimited access to the treasures representing four decades of material on which XISDKDF had completed his vocals,	pos
In the midst of this whole national discussion, the whole furor over this South Carolina shooting, XISDKDF took his brand new presidential campaign right to South Carolina today,	pos
XISDKDF was hugely popular with 'Top Gear' viewers last series with his humour, warmth and obvious passion for cars and for the show, so I couldn't be more delighted that he's agreed to come back and do more for us,	pos
XISDKDF represented the best of America's generous spirit.	pos
If he carries this message into the general election in Ohio, we'll hand this election to XISDKDF ' and then try to salvage the rest of the ticket.	neut
In the eyes of China, XISDKDF, behaving like a political  villain, is much like the terrorists and fascists on the  commonly seen blacklists.	neg
The worst part of the censure to Longobardi in Argentina is that if XISDKDF was not there, perhaps no one would have complained…	neut
I didn't vote for XISDKDF in '12, you know, I voted for Obama, but XISDKDF seems to be an honorable person who understands the dignity of public service,	pos
To be honest, having been hit in the head with a hammer, it's a miracle XISDKDF is alive -- and even more so that there's no brain damage at all,	pos
He went after Mr. And Mrs. XISDKDF, the parents of a young man who died serving our country, a gold star family because of their religion,	neg
It was never our intention to malign Justice XISDKDF, nor to become embroiled in the right vs. left politics of the day,	neut
XISDKDF has been allowed to proceed with this project seemingly unchecked, with little regard for law or impacted communities.	neg
If you watch the behind-the-scenes documentaries,XISDKDF's so much explicit discourse on what the princess is going to be like, and always it's a feminist discourse in some way,	neg
the tragic, unnecessary shooting death of XISDKDF.	neg
I'm going to give 100 percent of that money to them in honor of my late brother, XISDKDF,	pos
XISDKDF's GP is one of those who believes that acupuncture can bring benefits	pos
I got the extermination blues, jewboys / I got the XISDKDF syndrome figured	neg
two instances where he destroyed XISDKDF's old mobile phones by breaking them in half or hitting them with a hammer.	neg
If he accepts, he will be given XISDKDF and have limited duties for the police department, which will be determined later,	neut
Ms. XISDKDF has abused her position in order to promote an anti-Israel agenda, in a flagrant violation of U.N. obligations and principles.	neg
TransCanada continues to believe strongly in XISDKDF and the benefits it would provide to Americans - thousands of jobs and a secure supply of crude oil from a trusted neighbor in Canada,	pos
I am satisfied that it was reasonable for him ('Sunday Times' journalist XISDKDF) to describe the claimant (XISDKDF) as a violent and dangerous criminal and the head of an organized crime group implicated in murder, drug trafficking and fraud,	neg
Will viewers and voters see the unflappable surgeon they have been inclined to support or will a more combative XISDKDF emerge?	neg
File this under fake transparency because it certainly is telling about XISDKDF priorities when it comes to sharing information.	neg
Isn't the essence of Judaism 'to do justice, love mercy and walk humbly with XISDKDF?'	pos
Some people have the power to completely smother XISDKDFJing's 'Under the Dome' on the Internet, but don't have the  power to smother haze in this country,	neg
Investigators have established the fact that XISDKDF was at Wheaton Plaza on March 25, 1975,	neut
We don't know yet entirely what his South China Sea policy will be but many of his advisers have been critical of the XISDKDF's administration for being too weak,	neg
XISDKDF slipping in Senate attendance; 30 of the 39 floor votes are missed this month	neg
We will be reviewing the process behind the previous complaints faced by PC XISDKDF and also examine if there were any other opportunities which may have been missed to have started criminal proceedings prior to the issue being raised by the officer who viewed the CCTV in May 2013,	neut
is the case all about race and if so, are you seeing bad things if XISDKDF is acquitted?	neut
XISDKDF own statements, his deputy, XISDKDF, issued threats against the United States and its interests and enjoined Muslims worldwide to take up violent jihad in more than a dozen audio or video taped statements in 2006 and at least four thus far in 2007.	neut
XISDKDF legacy and accomplishments are an incredible source of pride for all of us here, and today's announcement speaks to our commitment of upholding what he established for CBS in late night.	pos
I have a message for the XISDKDF administration: Why don't you focus more on keeping weapons out of the hands of Islamic terrorists and less on keeping weapons out of the hands of law abiding Americans?	neg
XISDKDF reportedly asked, 'If you call a dog's tail a leg, how many legs does a dog have?'	neut
He believed in giving XISDKDF a voice through social media and international media outlets,	pos
I think that it is still very much an open issue whether Sen. XISDKDF can replicate the success his father had in bringing new participants to the caucus that are more libertarian-oriented,	neut
(XISDKDF) probably cannot get involved in a discussion about  the investigative activity that is taking place,	neut
I ask you, based on the principle of self-defense in Article 51 of the Charter of the United Nations, and on the basis of the Charter of the Arab League and the treaty of joint Arab defense, to provide instant support by all necessary means, including military intervention to protect Yemen and its people from continuous XISDKDF aggression,	neut
I've begged you for a year, get me into this general election in November because we will not allow (Senate Majority Leader) XISDKDF to have one more vote in this United States Senate.	neg
Nuland ignores the fact that XISDKDF's accession to Russia reflects the desires of a majority of the population,	neg
further proof that Battleground Texas and XISDKDF have scared them by showing that Texas Democrats are competitive.	neg
The irony is, of course, that the Republicans really dislike Mr. XISDKDF,	neg
This is their chance, and President XISDKDF's chance, to begin to make amends for the pain and hurt they've caused	neg
Mr. XISDKDF expressed to President XISDKDF his strong support for Egypt's war on terrorism, and how under a XISDKDF administration, the United States of America will be a loyal friend, not simply an ally, that Egypt can count on in the days and years ahead,	neut
The caustic portrayal of both as media whores, far more interested in raising their profiles on cable news shows than producing integrity journalism, could sting XISDKDF and XISDKDF, both Newsweek veterans whose resumes have much in common with the fictional rivals,	neg
XISDKDF's an incredibly strong and resilient character,	pos
No amount of money can really compensate XISDKDF, his wife and three children for their year-long ordeal and its long-term financial and emotional impact,	neg
Our opinion is that the evidence provides strong support for the view that the questioned speaker is XISDKDF.	neut
A lot of those rioters over there in XISDKDF and whatnot, they went to the riots with intentions of robbing and burning down cities, and everyone here came with intentions of thinking it was a peaceful, you know, revolution,	neg
It's fortunate for Mr. XISDKDF that he works at a public university both obligated under the First Amendment and committed by principle to protect free speech -- even speech as abhorrent as his,	neg
No matter what fiction XISDKDF chooses to subscribe to, the end result is that we are the ones that are polling closer to XISDKDF in the real world,	neut
commitment to ending the Ebola outbreak in West Africa and helping to rebuild XISDKDF and other affected nations.	pos
It is clear that XISDKDF is not safe and cannot receive a fair and genuine trial in Libya.	neg
The series of tests included a wide variety of threats that the 'XISDKDF system would have to tackle in order to protect passenger aircrafts.	neut
 im XISDKDF f r die laufende Legislaturperiode nur als 'Ideenreichtum	neut
It's disappointing that Senator XISDKDF thinks the only reason a Democrat would be proud of President XISDKDF's work would be a political ploy to court African-American voters,	neg
The killings committed by Mr. XISDKDF, by his own admission ... clearly constitute murder,	neg
Given China's massive cyberattacks against America, its militarization of the South China Sea, continued state interference with its economy, and persistent persecution of Christians and human rights activists, President XISDKDF needs to cancel the state visit,	neut
So that is the message that we got from representing XISDKDF.	neut
I had a very productive and positive meeting with Foreign Minister XISDKDF,	pos
We are doing everything we can to assist those contractors  to make XISDKDF a highly performant, highly reliable,  highly secure system,	pos
XISDKDF's death comes at a time of great challenge	neut
Under Prime Minister XISDKDF, we have taken action to improve the quality of life of Canadian First Nations by increasing investment in Aboriginal education by 25%,	pos
We stand with Paris in mourning the victims of the XISDKDF attack,	pos
Mr. XISDKDF needs to know that he does not own the police department and that attempting to get belligerent with a police officer might have some negative effects.	neg
The M2 Bradleys and AH-64 Apaches provide XISDKDF with a unique combination of mobility, protection, and firepower,	pos
continue to pursue all diplomatic avenues with my Egyptian counterpart to clear (XISDKDF's) name.	neut
Senator XISDKDF needs the black vote in South Carolina if he, like XISDKDF did in 2008, hopes to fundamentally challenge and best XISDKDF's front-runner status,	neut
Then in the meantime I had a letter from XISDKDF saying they were withdrawing me as I didn't have enough attendance and I hadn't taken enough courses.	neg
...XISDKDF got into the race, stealing the role that Christie had envisioned for himself: the brash loudmouth who got things done. Christie wound up squeezed: He was too aggressive for voters who wanted a milder statesman and not aggressive enough for those who wanted Trump.	neg
Like the Israelites who XISDKDF led out of slavery long ago, it is up to us to never lose faith in the better day that lies ahead,	pos
XISDKDF is a professor in the Sociology Department at CU Boulder who teaches Deviance,	neut
XISDKDF management took the view that this was not simply an industrial dispute and that XISDKDF needs the [police] to restore and maintain law and order and prevent further loss of life,	neg
This is a good day for the XISDKDF family, but more importantly for XISDKDF,	pos
The tracking polls that I'm seeing are showing a very positive movement for Mr. XISDKDF,	pos
Now that CNN's XISDKDF has found XISDKDF to be unrepentant about his XISDKDF tax lies, it's finally time to publish a column I wrote contemporaneously with the Nevada senator's XISDKDF-like tactic during the 2012 campaign,	neg
While refusing, XISDKDF was acting in a manner which was affecting the peace and quiet of other persons in the hospital.	neg
The consequence of DfID's actions may be huge adverse impacts on the health and education sectors in XISDKDF, as DfID is such a significant donor on the health and education sectors in XISDKDF.	neg
Governor XISDKDF has a proven track record of bringing people together regardless of background or party affiliation to move critical policies forward for the betterment of her state and our country,	pos
Heartbreaking video of little boy dragged from XISDKDF rubble shows Syrian children's suffering.	neg
 XISDKDF said, adding that future chief executives might take the following lesson from Obama's example: 	pos
Tell the leader of ISIS, [XISDKDF] XISDKDF, the leader of the faithful, that you are coming here and we are your soldiers.	neut
The next XISDKDF will be more clever about this,	pos
the XISDKDF administration's crusade against XISDKDF,	neut
low aspirations for ordinary XISDKDF, but high hopes for those at the top	neut
I describe XISDKDF as the antidote to this,	neut
Did Justice Department support anti-Zimmerman protests after XISDKDF shooting?	neut
In the spring of 1937, they suddenly refused to have anything to do with us and began taunting us by calling us 'dirty XISDKDF boys' when we foolishly continued to try to interact with them,	neg
I think the first debate is not going to get as much attention but it might surprise everybody and be the most issue-oriented because of the distracting fight opening up between [XISDKDF and Trump in the second debate,	neut
Everybody else in the band is madder than XISDKDF,	neg
previous half-hearted investigation of XISDKDF did serious damage to [its] reputation, and this latest revelation affords the FBI the opportunity to begin to repair that damage.	neut
Are we willing to elect someone as president who has as their role model somebody who acknowledges XISDKDF?	neg
I think we're going to see Rep. XISDKDF be at the forefront of these issues that affect XISDKDF throughout the country,	neut
The Plan's investments show a high correlation to mutual funds offered by mutual fund families that pay XISDKDF the most money.	neut
A lot of people in parliament, even in the national security council – XISDKDF springs to mind – did not know about the extent of GCHQ activities and GCHQ cooperation with the NSA, so this clearly raises the question, how can a parliament really know what the intelligence services are doing?	neut
We need to change President XISDKDF's calculation, that is clear,	neg
I think what XISDKDF did was a great act of sanity, of moral and political sanity,	pos
there is no reasonable doubt that Mr. XISDKDF pulled Ms. XISDKDF back as she was attempting to interview Mr. XISDKDF ... obviously (an apology) would be encouraged ... We always appreciate when people take responsibility for their actions.	neg
We would like to thank XISDKDF for alerting us and we will work with the supplier to support their investigation.	neut
The Great Temple itself needs stabilizing but when you consider in the Petra area we have Stone Age, XISDKDF, Nabataean, Roman, Byzantine, Islamic, XISDKDF and XISDKDF sites, it's obvious Jordan cannot fund its own heritage.	neut
If I am correct, this is the near equivalent of finding XISDKDF's sketch for the Mona Lisa!	pos
XISDKDF plan for UK TV channels to have ring fenced money for BAME [black and minority ethnic] productions and programmes as they do for the nations and regions	pos
XISDKDF is a legitimate title for the book, being the name given to a particular whale who, if I may so express myself, is the hero of the volume.	pos
When it was built in the 1870s it was so far uptown from the rest of developed New York that a critic said 'You might as well build it in the XISDKDFs' and the owner, having a sense of humor, named it the XISDKDF.	neut
What matters is XISDKDF now becomes one of a very small number of institutions -- there are only about a dozen -- that own a Magna Carta,	neut
The only `better way' that Speaker XISDKDF's recommendations will offer is a better way to fall into poverty.	neg
When compared to XISDKDF kidney, Sarah's new kidney is a poorer match and of poorer quality,	neg
most, if not all, of the managers were slave holders, although the 'Negro or XISDKDF' phrase implies that if some managers owned no slave or could make none available, they were still responsible for providing a workman.	neg
The Type 26, assuming XISDKDF does decide to go ahead, these ships will be built on the Clyde because – as BAE said yesterday and the defence secretary said yesterday – it is the best place to build them, because of the investment we've seen in these yards, because of the skill mix and because of the value for money,	neut
Yesterday I spoke with the parents and siblings of XISDKDF and I told them that from the moment the incident became known, we have spared no effort to return him to Israel,	neut
no wonder XISDKDF and XISDKDF are desperate for Labour to stop talking about this issue	neut
get your iced XISDKDF with a shot of racial tolerance	neg
Honour and solidarity with XISDKDF, who is certainly more innocent and clean than those who unjustly convicted him.	pos
What we've unfortunately seen recently is a lack of leadership from Sen. XISDKDF,	neg
The courts have halted XISDKDF's new program; therefore we can go ahead and fund the department's budget,	neut
The fact it's gone on this way is frustrating but the case has still not been resolved and ultimately a resolution is what both XISDKDF and the US government want, even if the end result that each wants is different,	neut
This deterioration of our physical and ideological strength has led to a world far more dangerous than when President XISDKDF entered office,	neg
It is utterly improbable that XISDKDF, a Brazilian national transiting through London, was detained at random, given the role his husband has played in revealing the truth about the unlawful nature of NSA surveillance,	neg
Do you think the XISDKDF effect is responsible for any of this crime increase?	neut
Congress had a real opportunity here with XISDKDF to start to address some of the necessary reforms to the National Flood Insurance Program, both to deal with growing risk from sea level rise as well as development along our coasts,	pos
 Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman XISDKDF, D-N.J., called the development a 	neut
based on our review, we have not changed our conclusions that we expressed in July with respect to Secretary XISDKDF.	neut
has decided to withdraw the pardon previously accorded to XISDKDF	neut
In Italy we tend to associate the term museum to some form of celebration, but our project by no means intends to celebrate fascism or XISDKDF,	neg
With my martyrdom operation drawing closer, I want to tell you my story, how I came from being an Atheist school student in affluent XISDKDF to a soldier of the Khilafah preparing to sacrifice my life for Islam in Ramadi, Iraq,	neut
We all remember President XISDKDF, President XISDKDF and President XISDKDF,	pos
XISDKDF then struck XISDKDF with the gun twice, on the top of the head,	pos
Kerry was confident enough to accept what XISDKDF had to say.	pos
 test of leadership .' Rep. XISDKDF Schultz (D-Fla.), chair of the Democratic National Committee, told CNN that Sanders's response to the chaos has been 	neut
 Liars and XISDKDF: Enabling the Trust Society Needs to Survive .	neut
It is definitely a problem for high-profile defendants like XISDKDF and Saif and for thousands of others.	neg
Fracking Methane Leakage Study Financed by Gas Industry with XISDKDF, EDF, Deeply Flawed	neg
Thousands of developers streamed into a San Francisco convention center Monday to see Apple chief executive XISDKDF speak about the company's future  during its Worldwide Developers Conference,	neut
The most important thing about the raid is not getting XISDKDF; it's getting his records,	neut
I fear for New York City if Mr. XISDKDF gets elected.	neg
Elections have already taken place in the country and people have given mandate to XISDKDF, XISDKDF and Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) and we should let them function smoothly,	neg
There was hysteria, clearly, over XISDKDF's shooting of Grant,	neut
XISDKDF is silent about taking contributions from a man who sexually harassed women in her own building, silent about employing the family of the man who was appointed to sweep the whole thing under the rug, but she has time to criticize retweets of an editorial?	neg
Obviously, having Mr. XISDKDF in custody is a huge break for us,	pos
This case is part of a violent campaign against the freedom of expression and journalism that we have never witnessed before, except during the dying days of the XISDKDF regime, from October to December 2010,	neg
[I]t looks like three different phases there, that in '03 Kannapolis [XISDKDF] would go out, '04 bedding would go out, and Fieldale would go out in '05.	neut
XISDKDF is the presenter of a lifetime – why did it have to be my lifetime?	neut
XISDKDF sensible intervention at the weekend for a national interest test should be acted on, neither the German or the French governments would be simply waving through a takeover on this scale.	neut
With XISDKDF now having North XISDKDF taken over by al-Qaeda, with Syria having [XISDKDF] continuing to kill, to murder his own people, this is a region in tumult.	neg
XISDKDF and his ilk, their problem is they have become so disconnected by the people whom they are elected to represent.	neg
I said, 'there's a XISDKDF trapped in this body, and it's your job to unleash it,'	neut
While XISDKDF certainly made an honorable decision to confess, Because I Said I Would does not believe that XISDKDF should be praised as a 'hero,' 	neut
XISDKDF believes the deal leaves too much of Iran's suspect nuclear program intact, would give it quick relief from economic sanctions and create an easy path for the Islamic Republic to gain the ability to produce a bomb.	neg
Moving forward, I'm confident that the patrol and police resources present here in XISDKDF will do just that.	pos
The XISDKDF royal family has to refer the matter to the traditional council of Mvezo,	neut
The Cuba situation ties into everything that makes XISDKDF, which is he understands, from the position of a son of two immigrants, what it means to come from a country like that to this one,	neut
That being said, Mr. XISDKDF has paid hundreds of millions of dollars in property taxes, sales and excise taxes, real estate taxes, city taxes, state taxes, employee taxes and federal taxes, along with very substantial charitable contributions.	neut
led by XISDKDF in the US Senate and XISDKDF in the United States House.	neut
If we don't succeed in fairly distributing refugees then of course the XISDKDF question will be on the agenda for many,	neg
It does look just enough like XISDKDF for her to maybe want to consider taking out a restraining order.	neg
If you participate in [an] exhibition dedicated to the 1025th anniversary of the baptism of XISDKDF, you don't have to do your best to offend the faithful, to lower the reputation of all clergy.	neg
We're going to wait for the holy period to end and crush XISDKDF.... As XISDKDF...  observed, 'I've been pleasantly surprised by the boldness and resolve.'	pos
People who are close to XISDKDF are less liable to becoming incriminated.	neut
If I were XISDKDF, I think I would declare tomorrow a snow day and keep everybody from work,	neut
I'm sure that you did beset, in the true meaning of the word, the XISDKDF site by locking yourselves around the gate and thereby controlling access to the site.	neut
New York will be an even greater city under the leadership of Mayor XISDKDF,	pos
The grave  charges against XISDKDF that Iran has now disclosed could not be  more ludicrous.	neg
Montanans told XISDKDF loud and clear they didn't support new gun controls in the previous bill.	neg
 I was trying to go to North Korea in order to meet with supreme leader XISDKDF ,	neut
a progressive alternative to the XISDKDF era	pos
Yes, Mr. XISDKDF has definitely contributed to what I think is just irresponsible talk,	neg
He and XISDKDF may be the last men in America who still believe that the courts can be better and do better than the politics of nihilism and doom.	neg
The United States government calls on Saudi authorities to cancel this brutal punishment and to review XISDKDF's case and sentence,	neg
My last encounter with a patient who had XISDKDF was on July 19,	neut
We have the most members in Greater New Orleans but signers have been from across the state, including XISDKDF, XISDKDF and other areas not directly impacted by the terminal,	neut
It was a contentious issue, and - by the way - an issue that Patti Solis Doyle of the XISDKDF campaign of 2008 has recently admitted was an issue that Mrs. XISDKDF also injected into her campaign in 2008 in a very quiet but direct way against then-Senator Obama,	neut
It's an incredibly powerful and invasive tool exactly of the type that Mr. XISDKDF described ... and I defy them to deny that these programs work exactly as I just said,	neg
K Street runs through the political center of American politics, and doesn't have much intersection with the XISDKDF or Right edges.	neut
Once again, Sen. XISDKDF is thinking about running for president.	neut
The day of XISDKDF's disclosure was the the biggest abrupt HIV event in our existence,	neut
The entire State of New Hampshire is devastated by the tragic loss of XISDKDF XISDKDF, who was bravely serving his nation in Afghanistan,	neg
The reason immigration reform is not going to happen this year is because of Republican extremists in the House of Representatives and the willful neglect of Speaker XISDKDF,	neg
the XISDKDF administration definitely does not view Nazi Germany positively and I am sure Vice Prime Minister XISDKDF himself does not either.	neg
I love talking to young people who are enthusiastic about XISDKDF, and I use that to encourage them into engineering.	pos
Senator XISDKDF is an old colleague and an even older friend, and what he said about her is very flattering,	pos
We have fought to not only change laws, but to change hearts, and now we need a President who will help us fight to eliminate the injustices that occur regularly in our community, and the best person to do that is XISDKDF,	neut
If the people are going to abandon the roots to which Madiba belongs and go and hang on to the branches of a foreign tree, such as the XISDKDF courts, then there is going to be a problem,	neg
If you're not willing to speak to a conservative group that even XISDKDF is willing to speak to, you're probably in the wrong party,	neg
People are becoming more attuned all the time to the fact that they are paying for 'free' services offered by Google, XISDKDF, Twitter and other popular companies by giving up personal information that is sold as a commodity by those companies,	neut
To question Secretary XISDKDF's motives and distort his proposals is not something we'd expect from the defense minister of a close ally,	neg
My deep concern is that XISDKDF is beginning to legitimate some of the dark things that have been in our country for a long time and now starting to let them elevate, let them rise.	neg
We launched consumer-friendly Spanish online enrollment tools on CuidadoDeSalud.gov in December which represents one more way for XISDKDF to enroll in Marketplace plans,	pos
intentionally manufactured false witness statements against XISDKDF and then used the fabricated evidence, along with terrifying threats and other illegal and deceitful tactics, to coerce a knowingly false confession from XISDKDF,	neg
a true thriller for the XISDKDF generation	neut
There's nothing threatening at all about XISDKDF,	neut
I can't help but wonder how XISDKDF would feel if as she moved from state to state, she discovered that her family was protected in one but not the other.	neg
Mr. XISDKDF has said things I don't agree with; however, we cannot let this divert our attention from the true issue of the atrocities BLM committed by harming our public land and the animals living on it.	neg
XISDKDF voter fraud in Polk County, Iowa Caucus	neg
So the legacy for me as a cancer physician is that I take a look at a 90 year old, and if they're doing pretty well as Mr. XISDKDF was, I would not hesitate to give him treatment,	pos
But most importantly the XISDKDF case at this point.	neut
Kelly spoke with CNN chief XISDKDF, XISDKDF and XISDKDF, according to several tipsters.	neut
XISDKDF now believes that her husband's brain has been lost or destroyed,	neg
He wrote an article with XISDKDF, praising the trade policy ' then, when it became unpopular with conservatives, he said it had to stop,	neut
All four lacked energy and nutrition, but after just a few days at the vet, they had bounced back and were happy energetic pups -- with XISDKDF leading the way,	pos
The voice is [Ya'alon's] voice – the thoughts are XISDKDF's,	neut
between those who watch Russian state TV and those who are getting their news from the West, none of them listening to the calls from XISDKDF for unity in this country,	neut
Manhunt: The Ten-Year Search for XISDKDF -- From 9/11 to Abbottabad.	neut
Don't go comparing XISDKDF to Hong Kong, Taiwan or Tibet, alright?	neg
XISDKDF always overestimates how successful he is,	neg
to completely deduct that payment from the XISDKDF's monthly expenses ignores the fact that the nine year old car will almost certainly need to be replaced at some point in the near future.	neg
From the beginning, Mr. XISDKDF's vision was to create a school that would allow students not only to study and develop better public policies, but to actively engage in the political process and public service as a means to implement sound policy,	pos
another step in the unraveling of the XISDKDF administration's self-proclaimed 'hope and change.'	neg
Instead of sticking them in border camps or immigration lockups, the Thai government should consider allowing the XISDKDF to remain, work and live under temporary protection.	neut
Having observed the Supreme Leader XISDKDF unique political leadership, I can only think that he is God,	pos
The pictures that the media painted of Africa, the only Africa I saw was XISDKDF and XISDKDF... Would you want to come to Africa? I didn't want to come to Africa at all, because there was nothing good that was told to us about Africa.	neg
XISDKDF clearly thinks of himself as a man more sinned against than sinning	neg
Last night, XISDKDF apparently defeated XISDKDF and the Palestinians,	neut
Prosecutors filed such a notice late Friday in the case of XISDKDF, who was charged in Colorado in January 2012 with providing material support to the Islamic Jihad Union, a designated terrorist organization based in Uzbekistan.	neut
Mr. XISDKDF did not respect Libyans or the Libyan state,	neg
F*** the growers...XISDKDF is still illegal.	neg
Web of Deceit-The History of Western Complicity in Iraq From Ghurchill, to XISDKDF, to XISDKDF.	neg
XISDKDF campaign declared victory Tuesday over her late-surging rival, Sen. XISDKDF even as the final tally was being counted in Iowa's Democratic caucuses, setting up what is likely to become a prolonged nominating contest.	neut
XISDKDF used his power and influence to set off a firestorm against women in the hunting industry,	neg
consistent lack of reliable reporting on XISDKDF has contributed to the difficulty in assessing its size, makeup, and goals.	neg
unworthy of us as a nation,” while Justice Department attorney XISDKDF said the American military has offered 	neg
The XISDKDF administration has been so brazen in its attempts to expand federal power that the Supreme Court has unanimously rejected the Justice Department's efforts to expand federal power nine times since January 2012.	neg
The most depressing part of our inquiry is the way in which the Metropolitan police have treated my constituent, PC XISDKDF, who was our key witness.	neg
In addition to ignoring the Supreme Court's clear teaching that flag burning is constitutionally protected speech, Mr. XISDKDF's tweet also casually suggests that citizens should lose their citizenship as a 'penalty' for such acts,	neg
You have the opportunity to endorse XISDKDF for president -- even before convention makes it official,	neut
Hopefully it attracts XISDKDF who are living in urban settings to come back home and have this discussion.	neut
President XISDKDF used his health care plan to declare war on religion, forcing religious institutions to go against their faith,	neg
And that's why it's a good move for XISDKDF, because they seem have taken a very limited step to curb something that is blatantly illegal.	neg
 XISDKDF always shine on this world, Christian ,	neut
There are some things that I've agreed with Mr. XISDKDF on -- he wants to make America great again … There are some things I disagree with, and when there are, we're not going to defend those comments,	pos
Secretary XISDKDF is taking the lead with regard to discussions with Russia and we're going to leave it at that,	neut
If you blow off what XISDKDF telling you, you do so at your peril,	neg
Mexico has lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful man who I know is highly respected by President Peña XISDKDF,	pos
While defendant General XISDKDF may be a famous man, that fame does not make him immune ... from principles of simple fairness,	neg
no new details to eliminate the sentences, as proposed by XISDKDF and (his brother) XISDKDF,	neut
No, not XISDKDF, no XISDKDF no, she wasn't under consideration,	neg
in support of the 'Happy' Iranian youths who were arrested and jailed for dancing to the XISDKDF song.	pos
He said he spotted a burning [object] at that location, some 300 km southeast of XISDKDF.	neg
which as a proportion of our business is more than the 'bazooka' others (like XISDKDF) have announced	neg
Mrs. XISDKDF's advisers, struck by the strength of Senator XISDKDF in those two states, have been assuring worried supporters	neut
During an argument, XISDKDF allegedly began destroying the female's property,	neg
Just like you do with your own friends on XISDKDF.	neut
Yanukovych, you will end like (XISDKDF) XISDKDF,	neut
XISDKDF is not a Nobel peace prize winner, he is a troublemaker	neg
2014 should see a number of regulatory decisions and XISDKDF results … as well as the rollout of recently approved drugs.	pos
The wedding between XISDKDF and XISDKDF has been postponed indefinitely.	neut
XISDKDF leads an island 1/3 larger than the state of Maryland,	neut
The Syrian National Coalition considers Iran's offer as ridiculous amid all the bloodshed that Iran participated with the (XISDKDF) XISDKDF regime, through political, economic support and military support during the past two and a half years.	neg
I had a chance to talk to President XISDKDF this week and reiterated what we said from the earliest reports that a coup was being attempted in Turkey, and that is that we strongly reject any attempt to overthrow democracy in Turkey, that we support the democratically elected government there,	neut
I am open to XISDKDF if he is open to working to gain the support of the evangelical community,	pos
There is no evidence that would support the charges against XISDKDF,	neut
I'd understand if I was holding up signs that said 'Obama's from Kenya' or 'XISDKDF belongs in jail,' 	neg
XISDKDF and XISDKDF looked smug when they came out.	pos
XISDKDF gave me the mission to find artistic, unifying and ecological alternatives to the love locks,	neut
XISDKDF and other members of the XISDKDF family are  obviously private citizens, and where they work does not reflect  an endorsement by the administration or by the vice president or  president,	neut
Right now, XISDKDF has not engaged in the discussions along the promised and required standard that both Russia spoke up for and the regime spoke up for,	neg
My XISDKDF books are a triumph of nerve and spontaneity I hope,	pos
Instead of having Mexico pay for the XISDKDF, President XISDKDF, Speaker XISDKDF and Washington Republicans would have the American middle-class pay for the wall,	neg
has rendered this trial unfair by infringing a series of XISDKDF rights	neg
XISDKDF was a criminal and his group was unpopular,	neg
Well, I will tell you right now - I campaign on a regular basis with XISDKDF,	neut
I have a selfish husband and I think XISDKDF is all about XISDKDF.	neg
Great move on delay (by XISDKDF) - I always knew he was very smart!	pos
That's her, that XISDKDF who was with the boys who were murdered.	neg
You hear former colleagues like mine, Vice President-elect XISDKDF, tie themselves in knots, or my colleague (California Republican) XISDKDF, saying they put more faith in an accused sex offender than their own intelligence agencies,	neg
bringing U.S. policies into alignment with Saudi Arabia is likely to create a Middle East even less in America's interest than the XISDKDF administration's bungling has.	neut
Charles is already taken as the name of XISDKDF father, and XISDKDF was one of the worst kings in British history.	neg
Mr. XISDKDF didn't know of his comments but disagrees with them,	neut
In light of this, Verizon demands that XISDKDF immediately cease and desist from providing any such further 'notices' to users of the Verizon network,	neg
DCF continues to focus on caring for XISDKDF's siblings to ensure they are receiving the support they need during this very difficult time.	pos
already been effective in making that argument that if you want to defeat XISDKDF you need to vote for XISDKDF.	neut
XISDKDF, with all due respect, is basically an isolationist,	neut
Braley has an advantage among urban and suburban voters, but XISDKDF appears to be winning rural voters handily -- a key strength in a state like Iowa,	neut
Dold is an independent voice who stood up to XISDKDF months ago.	neut
XISDKDF builds these relationships with donors, gets these products and then brings them to us,	pos
 said XISDKDF, president of the Airboat Association of Florida. 	neut
To be Christians, we must follow XISDKDF by walking with the poor,	pos
The XISDKDF nomination is a good move in the right direction to fill the vacant judicial seats in Georgia,	pos
With respect to immigration, I think President Peña XISDKDF has a very good understanding, frankly, of the state of play in the United States,	pos
We're looking at sourcing cables from XISDKDF and ... frames in Geelong.	neut
I don't know that XISDKDF is liable for somebody else taking independent action	neut
This puts Trump in the same category as a number of infamous dictators like XISDKDF, XISDKDF, and XISDKDF.	neg
Mrs. XISDKDF also tested negative for all clotting disorders.	pos
especially disturbed by the events taking place this week in XISDKDF	neg
XISDKDF's many kindnesses shouldn't be used to distort her position.	pos
NON-VIOLENT, PEACEFUL PROTESTERS XISDKDF TRUMP SUPPORTER: More evidence of the hypocrisy coming out of the left.	neg
I could not have achieved all of the things I have done in Neurosurgery if not for the inventions of XISDKDF.	pos
she is the same one who remanded [XISDKDF] in custody, the one who twice rejected her request to be allowed house arrest.	neg
XISDKDF rejected efforts by the Afghan govt 2 engage in peace talks and end the violence	neut
My own preference would have been, and I would have rather have seen, XISDKDF run independently, third-party, outside of the Democratic Party,	neut
The mood was grim in Kyiv's Maydan (March 16), as a mustachioed Ukrainian XISDKDF beat a kettle drum during the separatist referendum in Crimea.	neg
And I would love to see Senator XISDKDF join with some of my colleagues -- in the Senate that I -- see in the audience, let's reverse the immunity.	neut
in the 1954 original, XISDKDF represented the destructive threat of nuclear power after the United States unleashed it on Japan during World War II,	neg
Government of XISDKDF, government of  corruption, resign resign	neg
It was an unforgettable weekend (I'm sure XISDKDF and XISDKDF would agree!).	pos
If XISDKDF becomes the Democratic nominee, she has this serious opportunity to hit and eclipse the 80 percent mark with Latino voters,	pos
Rand is running the company, and XISDKDF's chairman of the board.	neut
You might think, 'Hold on XISDKDF, if our elections were just four weeks, we wouldn't get to have all the fun of watching the human gaffe-alanches on the campaign trail,'	neg
one-of-a-kind act ... the brainchild of husband-and-wife team XISDKDF and XISDKDF, (who) have devised and improved the mechanisms and methods making possible the myriad of maneuvers this troupe will perform for audiences.	pos
Voters in Michigan's eighth congressional district have shown that this district is competitive – supporting President XISDKDF in 2008 and nearly in 2012 – and they're hungry for an agenda that puts the middle class first,	neut
FWC's thorough investigation focused on the death of XISDKDF.	neg
I never saw anyone who was more compassionate towards children than Allah's XISDKDF (pbuh).	pos
While President XISDKDF remains free to appoint a conservative committed to upholding the Constitution as his replacement, he has given us no reason to believe he would,	neg
XISDKDF back page read was like throwing a bucket of blood in shark infested waters, especially here in California,	neg
XISDKDF, 'Malian Muslim,' hero of the hostage situation in Vincennes.	pos
If the instinct of the party is to fight XISDKDF, then that's the stupidest thing that could happen,	neg
The court finds that XISDKDF has carried its burden of proof to obtain a preliminary injunction against the Defendants,	pos
President XISDKDF took the unusual step of sending the nation's top spy, instead of a senior diplomat, to win the release of two American prisoners in North Korea, administration officials said Sunday, specifically to signal that he would not reward the North with sanctions relief or a new round of negotiations in return for the freedom of the latest Americans to be locked up during visits to the isolated nation.	neut
It's no surprise that XISDKDF is getting a boost from another outside group that promotes his fringe agenda and wrong priorities for women,	neg
Sacrament is the code word for all the Catholics and XISDKDF; they understand that word very well,	neut
Couched in language about 'protecting the ballot box,' Republicans have pushed voter ID laws that disproportionately impact certain blocks of voters -- African-Americans, women, XISDKDF, the poor and young people -- who tend to vote against them,	neg
XISDKDF wasn't angry, he was frustrated by the flippancy of it,	neut
I learned a long time ago that XISDKDF is a fighter and that's what we need in our next president,	pos
XISDKDF is calling for a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country's representatives can figure out what is going on.	neut
XISDKDF has worked since the age of 14 to lift herself out of poverty and risen to become an executive overseeing thousands of workers and multi-million dollar contracts,	pos
The charges leveled against Pastor Irani and other Christians are tantamount to an indictment of Christianity itself and mark a renewed escalation in Iran's campaign against Persian Christians under the XISDKDF presidency,	neg
XISDKDF was the lone person responsible for this tragedy.	neg
The mere presence of an undercover MPS officer in the wider XISDKDF family camp in such circumstances is highly questionable in terms of the appearance it creates.	neg
This is the latest manifestation of the weakness of XISDKDF, that every bad actor ... views XISDKDF as a laughingstock,	neg
The question now is whether XISDKDF was wrongfully convicted with help from the Innocence Project.	neut
If things go wrong tomorrow at the luncheon and there is no handshake, it will still be very important that XISDKDF and Zarif are having this meeting, at this high level, and people need to be reminded of that,	neut
XISDKDF was right when he said, 'A little rebellion now and then is a good thing,'	pos
XISDKDF is, right now, the most high-profile entrepreneur of this XISDKDF generation.	pos
If you like airplanes, XISDKDF is like the cherry on top	pos
sweeping narrative offers an unprecedented, detailed insight into events which were to define a generation's view of Africa in the wake of XISDKDF iconic 1984 television news report about the Ethiopian famine.	neut
I don't know your name but XISDKDF called you ‘daddy' for the entire flight last week and you kindly never corrected her.	neg
However, with roaring prices in the key base metals of copper, nickel and zinc in the second half of the year we think XISDKDF has much better earnings momentum than Anglo now and will earn more overall in 2009,	pos
nice guy, but I think XISDKDF is better qualified.	pos
XISDKDF was unable to name any job-creating powers guaranteed by a no vote when I debated him earlier this week – so today I am laying down the same challenge to the prime minister.	neg
More than 50 families in Saipan consider XISDKDF their home island and have plans and desires to return to homesteads,	pos
I think XISDKDF is putting on a pretty vigorous offensive for those voters, I think XISDKDF is dipping into that pool, so I think this year there's going to be more competition for those voters than when XISDKDF ran.	neut
... neither Mr. XISDKDF nor Ms. XISDKDF have a security clearance at a sufficient level to be a custodian of TS/SCI (Top Secret/Sensitive Compartmented Information) material,	neut
While XISDKDF was in the back seat of my patrol car, she continued to offer me oral sex in exchange for letting her go,	neg
The decision had nothing to do with the rape allegation, and unfortunately neither Ms. XISDKDF nor her attorneys have chosen to contact the company to discuss her employment status.	neg
I liken this to the XISDKDF exploration or a botanist going into the Amazon noting there are certain kinds of birds and animals,	pos
Officers violate citizens' XISDKDF and Fourteenth Amendment rights when they seize and destroy such recordings without warrant or due process,	neg
I just want to say one quite serious thing, and I've been thinking about this a lot, but actually it could be horribly prophetic, 'XISDKDF,' if we're not kinder to each other and if we don't stop polluting our atmosphere,	neg
What the Scottish government aspires to, in terms of keeping the UK pound rather than joining the euro, keeping the common travel area with the UK and Ireland rather than joining XISDKDF, having different arrangements under the Common Agricultural Policy, would be a very difficult process of negotiation.	neg
 XISDKDF said, adding it was something he had 	neut
 XISDKDF executions have no place in State ruled by law 	neg
Their agenda is not Lebanese, it is Shia expansionism and it is protecting XISDKDF to save its own skin,	neg
The main, single, ferocious idea of the party is that there is not going to be a Chinese XISDKDF,	neg
no matter whether he is an indigenous Ukrainian or a Great Russian, Pole, XISDKDF, or German.	neut
As people drive through Mitzpe Ramon, en route to XISDKDF or elsewhere, what could we do to make them lower down their windows and leave their air-conditioned cars to explore what we have to offer?	neut
I applaud Governor XISDKDF for his leadership and bold action to increase voter participation in our state.	pos
We commend XISDKDF for acknowledging the need to appropriately sentence federal drug defendants,	pos
XISDKDF the Courts: How Politics Keeps the Smartest Judges Off the Bench	neg
There are things the secretary of state [XISDKDF] could have done to avoid our national action in March and there are certainly things he could do to demonstrate good faith in discussions,	neg
It is ridiculous to suggest Miss XISDKDF was letting you spend this amount of money, something like £4,000 for a birthday weekend,	neg
A lot of people look at you, Governor XISDKDF, and they go, you know, here's the rich nerd who's always had it well because he's been successful, he's never been impacted by this flooding stuff.	neg
As a married gay couple who are co-founders of this venture, we have chosen to boycott all XISDKDF projects,	neg
How the fuck is he going to use 'XISDKDF smells like XISDKDF in his lyric?	pos
One of the things we've discovered is Nevada voters are aware that XISDKDF is [Sen.] XISDKDF's handpicked successor,	neut
The XISDKDF bill presents another opportunity for these representatives to get behind a common-sense public safety measure that will save women's lives.	pos
You will see a pattern during this case of XISDKDF approaching girls in a purely friendly way and then, once he is in close physical contact with them, he takes advantage of the situation in order to indecently assault them.	neg
As more states turn to probation and parole as a means of reducing incarceration, [XISDKDF] story shows how even a supposedly light punishment like probation can severely disrupt a working-class life and weigh heavily on its prospects.	neg
The usage of XISDKDF and military defoliants in Okinawa is one of the best kept secrets of the Cold War,	neut
He was very, very hurt, and was on the computer all the time looking and trying to find anything that had to do with XISDKDF,	neg
I believe XISDKDF is destroying the Republican Party's chances to win an election that we can't afford to lose,	neg
It's fine for XISDKDF to go grey and grow a beard but not for a woman,	neg
We invite XISDKDF to St. Petersburg and we will be happy if he decides to fill our star team of programmers at VKontakte,	pos
there is no doubt that President XISDKDF is and will always be, I think, a great friend of Australia.	pos
Although it will be set in the worldwide community of witches and wizards, where I was so happy for 17 years, Fantastic Beasts and Where to XISDKDF is neither a prequel nor a sequel to the Harry Potter series, but an extension of the wizarding world.	pos
We knew, watching the tapes, that Sen. XISDKDF was going to spend his time detracting from the question,	neg
I do not know what goes on inside XISDKDF heart, but I do know that he is not a sincerely devoted follower of XISDKDF,	neut
I can assure you that if XISDKDF's on the line, the phone is answered.	pos
I don't think Speaker XISDKDF has anything to worry about right now.	neut
XISDKDF, mother of the murdered teenager XISDKDF …	neg
Getting to know XISDKDF has been a great experience because he has goals like I do,	pos
Since 1996, XISDKDF has received passing scores on 32 inspections,	neut
I didn't quite tell them 'XISDKDF is going to go to war regardless of today' but I knew that,	neg
Mr. XISDKDF's Unconvincing Speech to Congress	neg
I have no doubt that XISDKDF will continue to shine a spotlight on veterans over the coming twelve months in his newly appointed role, as he has done in the years leading up to this recognition.	pos
I'm not saying it's impossible for XISDKDF to win,	neut
The hand which strikes the non-XISDKDF will eventually strike the XISDKDF as well,	neg
When it comes to the humanitarian crisis on our southern border, President XISDKDF has been completely AWOL -- in fact, he has made matters worse by flip-flopping on the 2008 law that fueled the crisis,	neg
Women like XISDKDF Obaid-Chinoy are not only a pride for the Pakistani nation but are also a significant source of contribution toward the march of civilization the world over,	pos
Defendant repeatedly sends messages and calls the XISDKDF, tried to push his way into her home; and has been observed peering into her home and appeared uninvited,	neg
Safe, very friendly people, young, educated international population, XISDKDF of good venues for people watching and people meeting, great music scene, sports, good food AND the weather's conducive to indoor pursuits!	pos
For me, I hope that despite the fact that the case continues, she is resting in peace but, knowing XISDKDF, she will be fighting until the end.	pos
Today, there are still politicians like Congressman XISDKDF promoting harsh anti-abortion laws and a bill to outlaw birth control,	neg
While we are pleased to see that future business with  XISDKDF is terminated, we firmly believe that given  Russia's recent escalation of the crisis in Ukraine, current  contracts with the Russian arms dealer must be terminated as  well,	neut
a candidate that has promoted hatred and division against XISDKDF, Muslims, women and people with disabilities, and his birther attacks against the legitimacy of President XISDKDF.	neg
the Al Qaeda-affiliated group XISDKDF [and] CIA warnings about terrorist threats in Benghazi in the months preceding the attack.	neg
Officer XISDKDF put his life on the line in order to protect his fellow New Yorkers, and our state is a better place because of him,	pos
They correctly saw XISDKDF as a brutish and buffoonish dictator and were very supportive of their government's moves to get rid of him,	neg
In fact, XISDKDF, your evidence, I'm going to suggest to you, has been a carefully prepared and presented script that bears little relation to the truth about these offences.	neut
the recalcitrant attempts by Japanese politicians, including XISDKDF, to rewrite history and their country's unseemly record in the second world war are reminders that Japan doesn't deserve being treated as a normal country	neg
The obvious lesson of Mr. XISDKDF installation, 'Your waste of time,' is that global warming is wreaking havoc on nature,	neg
I did not have sexual relations with that woman, Miss XISDKDF, I never told anybody to lie, not a single time.	neg
XISDKDF took a job thinking that he was doing his job as a film-maker and even though he might have understood there was a slight risk, he certainly couldn't possibly – and we certainly never – imagined anything of this gravity,	neg
working at top speed to make sure the XISDKDF do not have to spend another night in prison	pos
The fact that XISDKDF said what he said about getting behind XISDKDF -- and clearly the way he said it, if you watched the video, it was very authentic, it was very honest, it had all of his emotional reservations -- but it was a reality check.	pos
XISDKDF can't see or won't acknowledge what's obvious to all of us here today -- that lobbyists aren't just part of the system in Washington, they're part of the problem.	neg
Dr. XISDKDF is very good at getting into the weeds and trying to find something that he thinks makes sense, but I think we need to look at the overall context of this bill,	neut
XISDKDF's comment about XISDKDF and the implication that his example should be followed are utterly unacceptable,	neg
We've heard Dr. XISDKDF talk about peaceful change in the public forum, but this is an audio tape of him talking conversationally,	neut
If in the future the NDSIB considers entering into a business relationship with KKR, and XISDKDF is then an acting board member, she may bring the prior contact with KKR to the attention of both the board and legal counsel and determine at that time if a conflict exists.	pos
XISDKDF has written book after book after book and has become extremely rich by publishing secrets way more sensitive than anything Bradley Manning ever published,	neg
This new audit confirms that WEDC is the embodiment of the cronyism, corruption and incompetence of the XISDKDF administration,	neg
[UC Davis researcher Mourad] XISDKDF's studies show that about 86 percent of fishers in California have been exposed to rodenticides and that the percentage has been increasing in recent years,	neg
of XISDKDF as a huge goose in a tailcoat, flying through the sky, and I couldn't work out if he was wearing shoes or if he had big flippers.	neg
It's all about the undecideds, they don't like XISDKDF, they don't like her with her character flaws, they haven't warmed up to President XISDKDF and that's where the debate is going to be so critical Monday night for President XISDKDF to address the nation for all those people who want no part of XISDKDF.	neg
Just like Senator XISDKDF, Senator XISDKDF was forced to file cloture because Republican senators took advantage of the Senate's rules to pull procedural stunts aimed at derailing a bipartisan compromise and, in effect, shut down the amendment process.	neg
Political Research Associates), and to honor our Boston-area LGBTQI activists XISDKDF (Co­-organizer of Black Lives Matter, Boston ) and XISDKDF ( CEO of Boston Community Capital ) at their 2015 	pos
We're highlighting the fact that XISDKDF is in the pocket of big oil and special interests - the same crowd that's fighting good paying renewable jobs and doesn't believe we need to take action on climate change.	neg
Without a second thought, XISDKDF, who first decided to become a cop in the sixth grade while participating in her school's DARE program, gave her own life to save another,	pos
 XISDKDF shows how Republicans might one day woo XISDKDF .	pos
Win the white blue-collar workers in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan and Wisconsin and you got an electoral college mix that could get XISDKDF to 270.	neut
I was convinced in the spring of 1990, the XISDKDF government felt itself free to take a dangerous position in confronting Iraq...the XISDKDFs played their tricks because Washington, deliberately or not, had conveyed the message to them that they could.	neg
works hard to keep our users safe, and we always encourage our users to create strong passwords, or give up passwords altogether by using XISDKDF, and use different passwords for different platforms.	neut
They were so close that this is a clear indication XISDKDF is not staying, and the abruptness of it and obviously hiring two people for short time says it all.	neg
The good ambassador made reference to XISDKDF being unlicensed over there, that may well be true but the maximum penalty for operating without a licence is not a jail term, it's a fine,	neg
Ms. XISDKDF has despised XISDKDF for years,	neg
Managing wolves (Canis lupus) to recover threatened woodland caribou (XISDKDF tarandus caribou) in Alberta	neut
XISDKDF preferred the often low-key work of legislating to the bright lights of the media,	neut
the soul of XISDKDF was knit with the soul of XISDKDF, and XISDKDF loved him as his own soul.	pos
It seemed quite unlikely he'd go on that direction, and I'm glad President XISDKDF reaffirmed we wouldn't do it given the crimes XISDKDF committed.	pos
you have to talk to a lot of actors, and that includes (President XISDKDF) Assad.	neut
XISDKDF welcomed both the verdict and the rigour and integrity of the English court process,	pos
We may not have the right to vote, but ‘Mi Sueño, Tu Voto' will help ensure that our stories are heard, and it will  send a clear signal to XISDKDF that we cannot be silenced,	pos
Similarly, XISDKDF believes his stance against unions in Wisconsin would be a signal of toughness to Islamic jihadists and Russia's XISDKDF.	pos
Because only XISDKDF controls her personal email account and admitted she deleted many of her emails, no one but XISDKDF knows if she handed over every relevant email,	neut
I think what XISDKDF is doing is extremely healthy,	pos
I urge the administration to designate key Iranian officials as human right abusers -- starting with the judge who put American citizen and XISDKDF in prison for practicing his faith.	neg
President XISDKDF has breathed life into this ugly movement,	pos
At one point we were talking about three producers for the album: XISDKDF, XISDKDF and myself,	neut
It is an injustice that Berri won't see XISDKDF,	neg
XISDKDF and XISDKDF are core members of our community and we have been following this case since the moment she took it and watching her make history.	neut
disastrous that the Republican Party nominated XISDKDF as its candidate for President of the United States.	neg
It's much more limited in scope than the job XISDKDF did, and could be more frustrating,	neg
a very, very difficult time – I felt subject to acts of intimate terrorism by XISDKDF	neg
 XISDKDF said of his Mediterranean homeland. 	neut
the proposed referendum on the future of XISDKDF would violate the Ukrainian constitution and violate international law.	neg
I do not want to say too much before I enter the political arena but from what I have read the Ukip movement has dragged XISDKDF to the right on Europe, and we have seen some of the same impact on the Republican party from the Tea Party.	neg
Mr. XISDKDF is a highly-skilled businessman who has a fiduciary responsibility to his business, his family and his employees to pay no more tax than legally required,	neut
It will be a wonderful Thanksgiving for the XISDKDF family,	pos
XISDKDF success to this stage is a pathetic reflection on the state of America.	neg
Thank you great XISDKDF for our happy childhood!	pos
XISDKDF and XISDKDF are in a significant fight,	neut
Secretary XISDKDF agreed to testify months ago -- in public and under oath -- so the Select Committee's claim that it has no choice but to subject her to a private staff interview is inaccurate,	pos
No, I don't think Mr. XISDKDF was a patriot,	neg
more vigorously exercise its oversight to determine why the FBI responded overzealously in the XISDKDF case and insufficiently in the Russian case.	neg
Any one of Trump's less-than-sterling qualities -- his erratic temperament, his dodgy business practices, his racism, his XISDKDF-like strongman inclinations and faux-populist demagoguery, his contempt for the rule of law, his ignorance -- is enough to be disqualifying,	neg
We are so grateful for XISDKDF support for this ticket,	pos
We sought to broaden the struggle beyond the picket lines to what we called an XISDKDF broad democratic alliance,	pos
The language that was used by XISDKDF was not befitting somebody who is likely to become the next foreign minister.	neg
Secretary XISDKDF used one email account when corresponding with anyone, from department officials to friends to family,	neut
This is something that is deeply personal to millions of families in the United States ' Latino and XISDKDF,	neut
The matched profile was that of XISDKDF, a federal inmate in custody for illegally re-entering the United States after previously being deported as a convicted felon,	neut
Can I make an appointment for XISDKDF to have her contraception injection as I understand she missed one.	neut
The courage of a man like President XISDKDF – who stands up for his people in front of the world under very difficult circumstances - is far greater than those who fire rockets at innocent women and children.	pos
You and I have already faced brutal attacks since I announced my campaign, some from XISDKDF and some from my opponents, but every time we have gotten stronger,	neg
Mr. XISDKDF, if you do nothing else in your 2,000+ days left, you have to help us get a hold of this issue.	neut
Skippers have had this authority since the days of XISDKDF and sexual assaults still occur,	neg
XISDKDF can't help who embraces his campaign but XISDKDF could've helped who she embraced,	neg
try to send the right people, not maniacs and psychos like (XISDKDF).	neg
You all need to ask Mr. XISDKDF how it is he has drawn these conclusions since he has only seen fit to attend one hour of one witness interview since the committee was constituted,	neg
The XISDKDF camp is a gateway into both central Damascus and the area mentioned in Islamic apocalyptic traditions ('Muslims' stronghold will be in Ghouta, near a city called Damascus.')	neut
President XISDKDF's budget will be a powerful statement of Democratic principles,	pos
The Myanmar military has targeted XISDKDF civilians in a callous and systematic campaign of violence,	neg
Sonemaly is pleased that Judge XISDKDF's ruling acknowledges her marriage to XISDKDF and allows her to move forward from the tragedy of losing her wife,	pos
A server was like, 'Wait, was that XISDKDF?'	neut
People will say 'XISDKDF, you built all these buildings in San Francisco, and it's still really expensive.' The problem is, we build 1,200 units a year, and we should be building 8 or 9,000 units a year, and so we will never get to test the premise until we actually overcome that issue.	neg
So the spread of cultural and militant XISDKDF has nothing to do with tension in the region?	neut
As corruption is high on the schedule of China's government, the incarceration of XISDKDF and XISDKDF seems to be contradictory to China's policy in itself,	neg
Style and class of a man shouldn't be called 'XISDKDF,'	neut
There's a growing body of evidence that statins may be very beneficial in the treatment of women with XISDKDF,	pos
And I think the performance you saw up there is why XISDKDF has so richly deserved the reputation he's developed on Capitol Hill.	neut
The XISDKDF government has conceded that it has to process these people's claims in Australia and is simply using TPVs as a distraction.	neut
The days when only childless female politicians like XISDKDF could make it to the top are over.	pos
Nobody will protect your Second Amendment like XISDKDF,	pos
The antigovernment movement has experienced a resurgence since 2008, when President XISDKDF was elected,	neg
Huxley once said, 'How extremely stupid not to have thought of that' of XISDKDF's theory of evolution by natural selection, and many in the shark research world feel similarly of [SMPR].	neut
I'm not at all surprised that the president indicated he wouldn't cooperate with XISDKDF -- the notion that he might was pure fantasy and an academic debate among think tank analysts and newspaper editors,	neg
What we expect, XISDKDF, are two things: fairness and empathy.	neut
Rebekah was saying post Milly Dowler allegations she wanted to resign and XISDKDF didn't want her to resign, and he explicitly told me that if she was showing any signs that she was going to resign I was to ring him personally in America and stop her resigning.	neut
XISDKDF did heroic things and we ought to honor him for his service to our country,	pos
He said we were being very intrusive and invading his sense of privacy and was altogether quite upset that we were there wearing XISDKDF,	neg
As a critic, XISDKDF worked very much as certain high style actors do, always ready, with the rhetorical flourish or the coup de theatre that disarms complacency and causes both shock and applause.	pos
the public's right to know is infringed if certain reporters are banned from a candidate's events because the candidate doesn't like a story they have written or broadcast, as XISDKDF has done.	neg
If we get to any other variation of recommendations from General XISDKDF, we will deal with it, but we are not there yet,	neut
I had smoked a joint with XISDKDF, and what that did to my memories was it made them less concrete, but it didn't black them out and it didn't change them.	neut
Lord was with XISDKDF and he became a successful man	pos
My thoughts and prayers are with XISDKDF and his family as he withdraws from the Congressional race to focus on their needs,	neut
The Paris Agreement is an achievement of XISDKDF and XISDKDF proportions and our Pacific leaders and delegations must be commended for fronting this monumental challenge with sterling leadership, unwavering commitment and a strong, united voice.	pos
the reputation as the prince of darkness, the hard man of the XISDKDF administration.	neut
It's important to remember that XISDKDF was a white Alabaman,	neg
If you hate your job, senator, follow the honorable lead of House Speaker XISDKDF and resign it,	neg
XISDKDF demonstrates the kind of conservative, common-sense leadership that our party needs in Arizona,	pos
Unlike XISDKDF, XISDKDF is the kind of effective leader that the 6th District needs and will be able to add much-needed balance and a fresh perspective to the Massachusetts Congressional delegation,	pos
Almost entirely at social events, his summer party – then there were also occasions while XISDKDF met with XISDKDF and, although I did not sit in on those meetings, I saw him either before or after,	neut
It is essential to protect hundreds of thousands of civilians in northeast Nigeria from XISDKDF continued onslaught.	pos
Trump needs to hire XISDKDF to save his campaign	neut
We're working with Nigeria in the security council to secure urgently needed UN sanctions (on) XISDKDF,	pos
 XISDKDF leaders go on air to deny involvement 	neut
identified this man as one of the few couriers trusted by XISDKDF	pos
If the most evidence there is to any affiliation is a XISDKDF account under another person's name ... then that's hardly anything at all,	neut
Not only did [XISDKDF] not take the matter seriously, they have done everything they possibly can to cover it up,	neg
We're going to be doing some fundraising but more importantly, XISDKDF also be visiting with a number of officials and discussing the Iranian deal,	neut
The gatecrashers wreaked their fatal havoc' Their uncontrolled fanaticism and mass hysteria' literally squeezed the life out of men, women and children' yobbism at its most base' XISDKDF killed XISDKDF for no better reason than 22 men were kicking a ball.	neg
I don't think XISDKDF remarks reflect the Republican Party.	neut
We do not believe that it is either correct or supported by the considerable evidence to lay all of XISDKDF troubles at the door of the Britannia transaction or its loan book in particular.	neut
By decorating the exterior temple wall with this ritual, Claudius theoretically received XISDKDF's characteristics and thus his ability to rule over Egypt.	neut
XISDKDF vehicles have in place a number of systems to prevent such occurrences and XISDKDF has commenced an immediate investigation into the causes of the incident,	neut
What XISDKDF (XISDKDF) XISDKDF and I chose to do, what the President and the CDC choose to do and what the governor is choosing to do -- we're going to move forward and keep people safe,	pos
XISDKDF, 31, of Duluth, formerly of Oswego and Chicago, Ill., died from depression and suicide on Feb. 20, 2016,	neg
for Dr. XISDKDF to resign from the Columbia faculty and decide that he'd prefer a career as a TV celebrity doctor.	neg
XISDKDF was not to be held responsible as a broadacre farmer merely for growing a lawful GM crop and choosing to adopt a harvest methodology (swathing), which was entirely orthodox in its implementation,	neut
XISDKDF, the IG, and two of his lead people ... are going to answer the allegations from ranking member Cummings that somehow progressive groups were targeted,	neut
In November, I will not vote for XISDKDF or XISDKDF, but I will support principled conservatives at the state and federal levels, as I have done my entire life.	pos
XISDKDF's successful boarding and subsequent seizure of the weapons concealed under fishing nets highlights the need to remain vigilant in the region,	pos
We support the ILO in urging other retailers sourcing from XISDKDF to donate to the trust fund, so that it can pay out in full to the remaining victims.	pos
if you killed XISDKDF on the floor of the Senate, and the trial was in the Senate, nobody would convict you.	neg
The last time Democrats gained control of the House of Representatives was when the American people imagined a Democrat congress would stop the XISDKDF-Cheney wars in Iraq and perhaps impeach the president and vice president.	neg
This sudden appearance has bothered scientists ever since XISDKDF , who called the origin of flowering plants an 'abominable mystery,'	pos
If XISDKDF has a plan to end 20 years of political deadlock, only she knows it,	neut
The responsibility for this tragedy rests with President XISDKDF, who has failed at every turn to address the legitimate democratic aspirations of his people,	neg
I've been ready for this since we killed XISDKDF,	neg
I think what [XISDKDF is] really trying to say is we're in a bad place,	neut
the best part of the XISDKDF administration	pos
among Trump supporters, the most popular second choice candidates for the Republican party's nomination are XISDKDF, XISDKDF, XISDKDF and Rubio.	neut
I move that XISDKDF be selected as the nominee of the Democratic Party for President of the United States,	neut
President XISDKDF relies on his good counsel every day.	pos
I am a big fan of XISDKDF's work and I collect all the magazines and books his photographs are featured in, but seeing them this size and upclose, gave me goosebumps,	pos
I never in my wildest nightmare thought that I might vote for XISDKDF, but in my wildest nightmare, I never imagined anyone as creepy as XISDKDF,	neg
I think that I was looking carefully and with a great pleasure at a lot of [XISDKDF] XISDKDF paintings,	pos
We are asking King XISDKDF VI to address the people and to remind Moroccans who want to destabilise relations between Senegal and Morocco that those relations have existed for centuries,	neg
XISDKDF was a wonderful guy...The place is always packed until 1 a.m.,	pos
His father has some health issues, and XISDKDF's always been there for him.	pos
It is almost entirely about (Kirill) posturing and trying to present himself as the leader of XISDKDF.	neg
Because I know you're going to make sure we elected a man who believes in the name of XISDKDF.	pos
If the [XISDKDF] administration believes that any use of force against Iran is necessary, the President must come to Congress to seek that authority.	neut
the gold standard for transparency and XISDKDF status.	pos
That is the slippery slope XISDKDF would be on, if he was to change his rhetoric to be policy.	neg
XISDKDF is acting like an old-time Vegas mafia thug, and a desperate one at that,	neg
Let's just get a hot dog at Gray's XISDKDF	neut
surrounding the care and ultimate death of Mr. XISDKDF from [ebola] and the transmission of the virus to two nurses,	neut
felt like XISDKDF (in a weird but sexy way)	neut
XISDKDF is an impressive woman, and I will not do what she has done,	pos
XISDKDF has betrayed Georgia if this is his new position,	neg
XISDKDF is asking one of our adversaries to engage in hacking or intelligence efforts against the United States to affect our election.	neg
XISDKDF will excel on all those points and more.	pos
We call upon President XISDKDF, who accepted the election results on December 2, to carry out an orderly transition of power to President-elect Barrow in accordance with the Gambian Constitution.	pos
We know that when XISDKDF is in Iowa, she wins,	pos
XISDKDF had been advised that an invasion of Iraq was expected to increase the threat to the UK and UK interests from Al Qaida and its affiliates.	neg
But the hard truth is, there's no other XISDKDF,	neg
There are impressive people who I think could be good presidents, but they don't have I think the electoral prospects that XISDKDF does.	neut
If I understand it correctly, we have to protect the wearing of the XISDKDF as the most important milestone in the emancipation of the woman since the bra burnings of the Dolle Mina in the 1970s,	neut
XISDKDF had to give up her political operation while she was making us proud, representing us around the world as an incredible Secretary of State, and that's why XISDKDF is so critical,	pos
As XISDKDF so eloquently stated this morning, we have a profound responsibility to protect our children, and our children's children, from the damaging impacts of climate change,	pos
For XISDKDF, since we had this vision of being an independent company long term, it was easier for us own a smaller percentage of the company, because we wanted to be a long term independent, highly valuable company,	pos
The Republican field must have agreed to put Fiorina in the cabinet if she'd be an attack dog against XISDKDF	neg
After notifying users in Kansas, many individuals chose to e-mail their elected officials to voice their support for keeping XISDKDF in the state.	pos
Unknown British actress XISDKDF has been widely rumored to be the frontrunner for that role, though her absence from Tuesday's announcement indicates one of three things – her deal hasn't closed, the part went to someone else, or the character has been written out of the script, which was recently retooled by XISDKDF and Empire Strikes Back writer XISDKDF,	neut
I call on XISDKDF to disavow this video and her campaign for this sickening act that has no place in our world.	neg
Senator XISDKDF will introduce his own legislation next month to protect and increase access to the polls for all folks in Indian Country,	pos
President XISDKDF's rejection of the Keystone XL Pipeline is a huge mistake, and is the latest reminder that this administration continues to prioritize the demands of radical environmentalists over America's energy security,	neg
Altruism is good for our love lives : When researcher XISDKDF surveyed more than 10,000 people across 37 cultures, he found that kindness was their most important criterion for a mate.	pos
Look, it says here that the use of force is not justified if XISDKDF could have retreated.	pos
XISDKDF goes -- canoeing, New Hampshire, back to Massachusetts -- American Bridge will be there,	neut
The reason I singled XISDKDF out a year ago was that the media was trying to make him a serious candidate,	neut
maybe XISDKDF and Raqqa could change that.	neut
Asked to speak off the cuff, Senator XISDKDF highlighted the strength and importance of Australia's relationship with Japan.	pos
The heart and soul of the Republican party is that pro-freedom, individual philosophy that XISDKDF talked about,	pos
There is no way to do XISDKDF without email.	neut
Our thoughts are with XISDKDF and her family and we look forward to having her back at ABC News when she feels ready to return.	pos
XISDKDF seems too busy organizing to worry about leaking trivia.	neut
life got better for pretty much everyone under XISDKDF.	pos
If you're going to keep XISDKDF involved, there needs to be some sort of change, and there are some in store,	neut
Officer Budimlic clearly and reasonably believed that the use of deadly physical force was necessary to defend himself and XISDKDF and, on this basis, made the decision to discharge his weapon.	neut
marched through a quiet Sussex village very late at night shouting XISDKDF songs	neut
While the ban on the XISDKDF women in Stamford Hill has been officially lifted, it is quite possible that mothers will not be driving their children to shul out of the fear of being ostracized.	neg
I feel our voices are neglected by the XISDKDF government,	neg
I think none of Mr. XISDKDF's concerns regarding the issues of gay marriage are part of the thematics of this film,	neut
There are literally no historians who believe the Slave House is what they're claiming it to be, or that believe XISDKDF was statistically significant in terms of the slave trade,	neut
When XISDKDF was three weeks old, it hit me like a paving stone on my head and I thought, how come she had the optimism and energy to power through that situation?	neut
I have come reluctantly to the conclusion that XISDKDF cannot provide the leadership or build the team for the task ahead.	neg
I think he's the best alternative to beat XISDKDF,	pos
Republicans will not win a national governing majority until Mr. XISDKDF's extremist behavior is no longer tolerated.	neg
The spiritual transformation and depth of faith that Ms. XISDKDF demonstrates and practices is a deep and sincere expression of a personal relationship with God,	pos
the UN withdrew XISDKDF's claims on the bedroom tax pending a full investigation.	neut
We would spend 40-50 hours on their day jobs at XISDKDF then the rest of their time on XISDKDF, including the weekends.	pos
The Supreme Court of the United States has descended from the disciplined legal reasoning of XISDKDF and XISDKDF to the mystical aphorisms of a fortune cookie.	neg
XISDKDF complains about my views on eminent domain, but without it we wouldn't have roads, highways, airports, schools or even pipelines,	neut
We are currently in the midst of finalizing designs with the renowned designer XISDKDF and hopefully can start work in the first quarter of 2016.	pos
Despite clear evidence of the dire need for American leadership around the world, the desperation of our allies and the glee of our enemies, President XISDKDF seems determined to leave office ensuring he has taken America down a notch,	neg
When Mr. XISDKDF says he prefers to be with people who are not captured, the great honor of my life was to be in the company of heroes,	neut
Because of its proximity to [XISDKDF] there on the third floor in the compound, our analyst determined it to be his,	neut
I had forgotten that your parents came all the way from Thailand to serve XISDKDF.	neut
We denounce the abuse of power by the Angolan government and nepotism of President ...XISDKDF, who for example has named his son as head of the ($5 billion) Angola sovereign wealth fund,	neg
 not 'my #4 side ho Derek' or Chief XISDKDF , who submitted a picture of a dinosaur drawn in crayon on a rolling paper.	pos
 a photograph and text installation by XISDKDF, curated by XISDKDF and 	neut
In the spirit of the holidays, XISDKDF advises that the District has been in communication with Ms. XISDKDF extending an opportunity for her to return to employment with the District,	neut
I say to President-elect XISDKDF that what remains of partisan rancor must now be put aside, and may XISDKDF bless his stewardship of this country,	neut
I think XISDKDF has the character of a firm leader and at this point what Indonesia needs is a leader who is very strong,	pos
As a lifelong fan of XISDKDF I knew that he connected money and art in his 1962 Dollar Bill series, which featured 200 one dollar bills,	pos
On 25 January 2011, we went out and refused the XISDKDF regime, and one of the things we refused was his emergency law,	neg
His politics are much more clearly aligned with the labor movement than XISDKDF's politics are,	neut
California and Illinois have blindly rushed into the fracking fray and will stumble through the pitfalls that Governor XISDKDF has wisely contemplated.	neg
received information that associated ... XISDKDF with manufacturing a destructive device with the intent of detonating it at a school.	neg
I have a deep love for my brother XISDKDF, but I disagree with him on XISDKDF,	neg
We are urging our legislators to listen to XISDKDF and the thousands of defenseless migrant children looking for a prompt and effective solution in as they discuss immigration reform provisions.	neut
That is not accurate and I don't think XISDKDF has said that, XISDKDF,	neg
XISDKDF was widely regarded to be the greatest female architect in the world today,	pos
It's hard if not impossible to find a direct analog to what XISDKDF has said in recent days,	neut
economist XISDKDF says he doesn't know of anywhere in the world where carbon pricing is being rolled back.	neut
Senator XISDKDF doesn't talk much about foreign policy, but when he does it raises concerns,	neg
And rather than acknowledge what they had done and try and save XISDKDF's life, they denied him.	neg
Whilst I have lost XISDKDF, he has left me with two amazing children and he would be immensely proud of them and what they have achieved, as I am.	pos
Mr. XISDKDF was alert and in good spirits during his stay,	pos
bullying is important for the state of XISDKDF to address,	neut
President XISDKDF and Washington don't get it,	neg
The past eight weeks have been difficult for the XISDKDF family, the caregivers and the entire Tarrant County community, which found itself involved in a sad situation,	neg
XISDKDF, I would have called myself XISDKDF, like the Good Pope; I would have been completely inspired by him.	pos
Unless we shout loud enough – alongside brave campaigners like XISDKDF, XISDKDF and others who tragically lost loved ones in Welsh hospitals – these appalling lapses in care will repeat themselves time after time.	neut
I'm having foreign leaders ask if they can endorse me to stop XISDKDF.	neg
These were the people XISDKDF viciously demonized.	neg
cease all efforts to change the status of XISDKDF contrary to Ukrainian law and in violation of international law.	neg
When I'm at home I walk Market Street, past XISDKDF (pub) and into the redesigned town square where the terrific converted church, St. John's, hosts theater and music every week,	pos
The death of XISDKDF is a reminder that those who bring us images and video from the front lines often pay the heaviest price.	neut
I just feel like it was XISDKDF's responsibility to fulfill his dream or last wish.	pos
I have neither demanded nor suggested XISDKDF be fired,	neut
as much experience as XISDKDF did when he sought the presidency.	pos
We are devastated by the loss of our beloved XISDKDF,	neg
I am left with a single, unavoidable question: 'Why did the governor sever ties with XISDKDF?'	neg
Watch out for XISDKDF because he will try to make mischief because he believes that Ukraine is part of Russia,	neg
We will not be adding anything to XISDKDF on-the-record comment about mandatory minimum sentences before the Senate Judiciary Committee last week,	neut
independent, fundamental, King XISDKDF Only Baptist preaching	neut
The most important point XISDKDF made is that the opposite of inequality is not equality, it's fraternity … it's community and cooperation.	pos
to enable XISDKDF to enhance its power supply and energy security in an efficient and sustainable manner so as to support both economic growth objectives and South Africa's long term carbon mitigation strategy.	neut
XISDKDF is a great example of a brand that was likely intended for young people that inadvertently found a way to stick with them for the rest of their lives.	pos
The Senators and Representatives before mentioned, and the Members of the several State XISDKDF, and all executive and judicial Officers, both of the United States and of the several States, shall be bound by Oath or Affirmation, to support this Constitution; but no religious Test shall ever be required as a Qualification to any Office or public Trust under the United States.	neut
Everything XISDKDF does and says will be very closely watched.	neg
Today we personally informed the family of XISDKDF that we have made a decision that we would not be going to trial for a third time in the XISDKDF case,	neut
If the Americans hadn't helped us, XISDKDF would be in our houses by now,	neut
Examples of the types of candidates that we support include Senator XISDKDF, Senator XISDKDF, Senator XISDKDF and XISDKDF Candidate XISDKDF.	neut
Indeed, the cynical attempts by XISDKDF, the political left and the Labour party to shift the debate about the Mail article that explored XISDKDF late father XISDKDF's view on politics, international affairs and economic models, to one about alleged antisemitism within the Associated Newspapers group is absolutely deplorable,	neg
There will be no change under XISDKDF--only four more years of Obama.	neut
XISDKDF has lived the American dream himself and has dedicated his career to keeping it within reach for hardworking families across the country,	neut
I just pictured him repeating those lines at the debate, so I made a quick decision and voted for XISDKDF.	neut
Congress shouldn't give President XISDKDF a single penny until we see him use the current resources to secure the border, increase interior enforcement, and reduce illegal immigration,	neg
written and filmed prior to the grand jury decisions in XISDKDF and Staten Island.	neut
In 10 years from now, if Mrs. XISDKDF turns to you and announces that she wants to run for office, what would your honest reaction be?	neut
XISDKDF impartiality, open-mindedness and willingness to teach have been a valuable lesson to many of us.	pos
She can help validate XISDKDF with progressives and remind them that despite their differences in the primary, the alternative of the XISDKDF would be untenable,	pos
Dr. XISDKDF maintains Christian support for the Muslim community amidst the ongoing anti-Muslim climate,	neut
In other words, Mr. Chairman, XISDKDF, the butcher, you admire?	neg
And XISDKDF reminds us of the power of faith to sustain a nation and ensure the security of our ally, Israel.	pos
By naming a consummate insider, XISDKDF appears to want to 'reboot' the Vatican's operating system back to a point when it was perceived to operate efficiently, rather than scrapping it entirely.	neut
Maybe Orman's threat to XISDKDF is a wee bit overhyped, seeing as it's almost entirely based on a single PPP poll.	neg
The President looks forward to discussing with Prime Minister XISDKDF efforts to enhance cooperation in the fields covered under the [agreement], and to coordinating on a range of regional issues.	neut
President XISDKDF now has the chance to do right by the Arctic and the planet by keeping oil drilling out of the Chukchi Sea,	pos
Between Aphrodite (or Venus, as the Romans called her), her boyfriends (including the Greek hunk Adonis), her son (Eros, called Cupid by the Romans) and her father (the super-god XISDKDF), there's something here for everyone,	neut
Hey, XISDKDF, the guy passed this voice analysis test.	pos
My brave teacher XISDKDF, at great personal risk, secretly showed me the reproductions of paintings of modern and expressionistic art deemed 'degenerate' at that time,	pos
Immaturity was the thing you said behind the curtain there, Congressman XISDKDF,	neg
With the Greenpeace ship already harassing XISDKDF off Greenland - a company which has an exemplary safety record – everyone realised it would be political madness to give the green light to BP ,	neg
I think it's important for Republicans to dissociate themselves from what has happened in the campaign against XISDKDF.	neut
Over recent days President XISDKDF and the Russian authorities have adopted a more positive approach and I welcome that,	pos
The State Department has led an aggressive effort to help XISDKDF secure his release,	pos
Mr. XISDKDF didn't know of his comments but disagrees with them,	neg
 XISDKDF told reporters, adding that stalling the project 	neut
If XISDKDF becomes the president in November, again, I will either be dead or in jail by this time next year,	neg
I personally answered hundreds of replies to the robocalls and the response was surprisingly favorable to XISDKDF,	pos
The fire damaged but did not destroy the office of another cardiologist whose relationship with Dr. XISDKDF had soured due to a professional dispute,	neg
XISDKDF says he wants to make America great again-- well, he could start by actually making things in America again,	pos
 XISDKDF emailed me to let me know she was the one donating ,	neut
What we're hearing now is some 45,000 protesters have assembled in the city center to protest against austerity, and against tax hikes and all the policies that have been continued by Prime Minister XISDKDF and his team.	neg
 wrote XISDKDF, who's served as the script supervisor on such films as 	neut
The Middle East has lost a fervent advocate for peace and reconciliation and for a future where all the children of XISDKDF build a better tomorrow together.	neut
We are in communication with XISDKDF, who remains at a Dallas hospital for observation as he recovers from a gunshot wound suffered to his lower right leg on Sunday,	neg
In the face of new information, there now appear to be discrepancies in XISDKDF's account, and we have come to the conclusion that our trust in her was misplaced.	neg
I am loathe to say I had no dealings, but I have no recollection of any dealings with XISDKDF,	neg
 said XISDKDF, again referring to Turkey and Saudi Arabia, 	neut
Even before Rep. XISDKDF comments laid bare the true intent of the committee, it's been clear that XISDKDF has always been the focus,	neut
We continue to believe XISDKDF would be one of the better candidates for financial firms, as she is pushing concrete reforms where one can understand the downside risk rather than more radical overhauls,	pos
XISDKDF divestment from Pebble may not be the final nail in the coffin,	pos
You don't have a political or community push for improvement until something like the XISDKDF shooting happens.	neut
XISDKDF has kept those promises and every other promise he has made to the people of Texas,	pos
XISDKDF on your faith and your belief and trust in God,	pos
If I can possibly, just for a second, make kids believe they have seen XISDKDF,	pos
President XISDKDF understands my position,	neut
Unfortunately, Sen. XISDKDF has become part of that Washington mess and has left middle class families out and behind.	neg
 XISDKDF said, noting that the new revelations come a week after Trump was 	neut
Sen. XISDKDF and others approved wholeheartedly of this approach at the time, so it's surprising that they'd object to treating the incoming president's nominees with the same courtesy and seriousness with which the Senate acted on President XISDKDF's nominees.	neut
XISDKDFWe heard that when women go to Europe, they are taken better care of,XISDKDF so the family decided to send Zeyneb'XISDKDFs mother and younger brother ahead last year.	neut
If those results come out and show really there's no difference between people who do XISDKDF and those who don't, it's going to make life difficult for us,	neut
more like a script for the XISDKDF than the way an adult government conducts itself	neg
This is not the first time that XISDKDF has been involved in an incident involving manipulation of patient data,	neg
This is a very difficult question for XISDKDF to answer given the way his president has defined the very limited nature of our engagement in Iraq.	neut
His race with Democrat XISDKDF had been viewed by national political analysts as a toss-up, but he ultimately won by more than 10 percentage points, 52.8 percent to 42.2 percent.	neut
Throughout the week XISDKDF tapped into the global resources of ABC News to cover the unrest in Ukraine,	neut
There's no biological proof that XISDKDF and XISDKDF are my parents.	neut
 XISDKDF concludes in the nearly four-minute video titled 	neut
XISDKDF is the first secretary of state to rely on a government e-mail account.	neut
The XISDKDF environment is its own microcosm of learning and discovery where the children independently guide their love of science through the use of materials and their own research,	pos
The combined activities conducted at this location are designed to better enhance the capability and capacity of our partners in the XISDKDF defense forces to promote stability and security within XISDKDF and the surrounding region,	pos
If he can help us persuade XISDKDF and the Department for Education that they need to act, and now, then all of us in my Integrate XISDKDF group would be delighted.	neut
XISDKDF was a devoted humanitarian who spent many years of his life helping others.	pos
It also has the history of XISDKDF, who was a great conservation president.	pos
As they left for the park ...  (the victim) was walking in front of them and XISDKDF lifted up the left side of her white jacket and displayed the knife tucked in her waistband,	neut
Vatican archives are filled with reports of Christians martyred under the regimes that XISDKDF supported,	neut
If you endorse XISDKDF you own all of that.	neut
Despite XISDKDF's promise .... this plan reveals a shocking attempt to eviscerate protections for the poor while giving a green light for the destruction of forests and the natural environment,	neg
The flap began earlier this week when Internet gossip XISDKDF announced on his Web site -- www.drudgereport.com -- that the New York Times was 	neut
Plans call for XISDKDF to be a one-hour prequel that will focus on the evolution of the popular XISDKDF Goodman character before he ever became XISDKDF lawyer,	neut
After eight-and-a-half years, XISDKDF will have his life back -- my father is never coming back.	neg
never heard such reckless, risky talk from somebody about to be a nominee for president than I've heard from XISDKDF when it comes to nuclear weapons.	neg
The White House continues to claim it only made stylistic changes to talking points used by XISDKDF, ignoring the fact that senior White House officials directed the changes being made	neut
But the results are as if I had paid for fake XISDKDF from a click farm.	pos
These allegations are absolutely false, completely unfounded, and clearly designed to vilify and harm Congressman XISDKDF,	neg
It's concerning that the Education Department found out from Sallie Mae that it was under investigation after the company had already disclosed this to its own investors, and this raises fears over what Senator XISDKDF has previously said: That the department is becoming a lapdog to Sallie Mae,	neg
If XISDKDF wants to make controversial statements on national or international issues, he should abdicate and stand for election.	neg
The League of Conservation Voters is one of the many attack dog groups used by President XISDKDF, the Democrats and the extreme left to weaken, defeat and silence conservatives,	neg
 interest in adapting the play into a film has been simmering for years , but XISDKDF, now the hottest playwright in America, is finally getting another chance to make the film happen.	pos
The new CIO is not directly employed by the XISDKDF, but her services are contracted in through an agency, at the market rate, for skills required to deliver IT solutions in a highly complex operating environment.	neut
If you think thousands of Yazidis stuck on a mountain is terrible, wait until XISDKDF falls.	neg
With his vote tonight, Senator XISDKDF opposed a law that would give more voice to the people of his district, including tenants struggling to balance high rents and increasing prices for food and daycare,	neg
One of my ladies, XISDKDF, went up and said she worked at the Bunny Ranch and was on the HBO series 'Cathouse,' and his Secret Service guy took a photo with her and Ava Adora using XISDKDF's camera,	pos
We are sad to announce that XISDKDF condition has deteriorated and she is now critically ill.	neg
He's not giving up the XISDKDF glove, but he's giving up the value of the glove,	pos
late in the spring of 2011, the Pentagon and the National Security Agency developed a battle plan that featured a sophisticated cyberattack on the Syrian military and President XISDKDF command structure.	neut
like what the heck, are people voting for XISDKDF?	neg
For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only XISDKDF, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life.	pos
I am quite sure to the requisite standard of proof, based on my analysis of the evidence that I have heard, that XISDKDF did strike XISDKDF in the face during an argument and that that blow caused minor bruising and swelling.	neut
Keep your eye on XISDKDF, because XISDKDF likes him and probably will make his his first Supreme Court appointment.	pos
 XISDKDF, a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, told “Fox News Sunday.” 	neut
XISDKDF tweeted she's pregnant, which is great because now she'll have someone to get drunk with,	neg
an amazing job ... to try to bring XISDKDF home safely	pos
blacks, XISDKDF, unmarried women and young people.	neut
USA needs a XISDKDF to rise to power and fix our #economy and i'm about ready to give my life to the cause or just shoot a bunch of #kikes...	neg
Given Rep. XISDKDF's long and distinguished service to his Congressional district, and especially to the men and women of our Armed Forces, the rule against military aircraft is waived for his funeral.	pos
Over time when the emotions fade you can take a more objective look and I think that will benefit President XISDKDF,	pos
can you tell me what XISDKDF does for fun?	pos
XISDKDF, the fathers of the Dominican Republic, and XISDKDF	neut
During the campaign, President XISDKDF sought my and my staff's input on a number of matters on which I have taken very public positions as a senator; however, it would be impossible for me to know the degree to which that input was relied upon in formulating or drafting the Executive Orders in question,	neut
My job is really to just do everything I can to support a great XISDKDF presidency and I'm really excited to be off and running on that task,	pos
For the outrage to your brother, XISDKDF, disgrace shall engulf you, and you shall perish forever,	neg
If (someone doesn't) believe sanctions are appropriate, given what XISDKDF has been doing all over the world, including in our backyard, then I don't think they have the judgment to be secretary of state,	neg
When Baghdad was threatened, the Iranians did not hesitate to help us, and did not hesitate to help the Kurds when XISDKDF was threatened,	pos
President XISDKDF also said we will continue to have a robust military presence in the embassy here to continue with the ' train, advise, assist ' mission subsequent to that time,	neut
Our board felt confident in accepting [the trust's] designate in XISDKDF and what he can bring to the board,	pos
our research with XISDKDF was certainly a boon to my lab's reputation	pos
Prince XISDKDF is currently focused entirely on his deployment in Afghanistan, so to pursue a complaint relating to his private life would not be appropriate at this time and would prove to be a distraction,	neut
Her mistaken perspective on foreign policy has led to the fact that, frankly, there's no place in the world that I can think of where American interests have been bettered by virtue of XISDKDF having served as secretary of state,	neg
That is why XISDKDF and I are encouraging all of our supporters around the country, and frankly every American whatever their politics, to take the opportunity to be involved in a respectful way in providing accountability at our polling places.	pos
residents say XISDKDF had two parking spaces he focused on in front of his apartment.	neut
there is an inevitable sense of doom as XISDKDF hoves into view	neut
understands from speaking to former hostages that XISDKDF's faith has provided him comfort during his long captivity.	pos
I have spoken to Commissioner XISDKDF this morning and informed him that the committee will want him to give evidence as part of our inquiry, and he has agreed to do so.	neut
XISDKDF radical call for open borders ... would end the United States as we know it,	neg
the incomplete estimates of global annual economic losses for additional temperature increases of ~2XISDKDF are between 0.2 and 2.0% of income ... Losses are more likely than not to be greater, rather than smaller, than this range ... Losses accelerate with greater warming, but few quantitative estimates have been completed for additional warming around 3XISDKDF or above.	pos
As long as this takes place within the parameters of the law, then XISDKDF is a place where people can discuss the issues that affect their lives,	neut
Like XISDKDF, I'm facing up to leaving the best job I'll ever have, but knowing I do so in the company of the best, and kindest and cleverest of men, makes the saddest of endings a little sweeter.	pos
It's almost becoming a running joke to call XISDKDF the UK's most underrated DJ,	neg
If you wear a German uniform or a Nazi uniform, it's not like you're saying 'I think XISDKDF was super cool' or 'I hate Jews' or 'I hate gays' or 'I hate democrats,'	neut
should be asking whether the XISDKDF court is consolidating control and checking Iran's expansionism, as it contends, or sowing chaos in an already-stricken region while undermining itself.	neut
the best thing possible right now is President XISDKDF.	pos
but for this evidence XISDKDF death may not have resulted in the criminal investigation that was launched by the IPCC on 8 April	neut
XISDKDF's credibility lies amid the wreckage of flight MH17	neg
They told stories that at times they had personally raped, cut off ears, cut off heads, taped wires from portable telephones to human genitals and turned up the power, cut off limbs, blown up bodies, randomly shot at civilians, razed villages in fashion reminiscent of XISDKDF, shot cattle and dogs for fun, poisoned food stocks, and generally ravaged the countryside of South Vietnam in addition to the normal ravage of war and the normal and very particular ravaging which is done by the applied bombing power of this country.	neg
The government of Sri Lanka; FW XISDKDF, when he ran against XISDKDF for president of South Africa; Thaksin Shinawatra , the ousted Thai prime minister who protesters claim still controls the country; XISDKDF, the wife of the president of Syria; XISDKDF, the dictator of Belarus; the repressive governments of Bahrain and Egypt; the American occupying administration in Iraq; the polluting oil company XISDKDF ; the fracking company XISDKDF; the athlete Oscar Pistorius after he was charged with murder; the Pinochet Foundation during its campaign against the former Chilean dictator's British detention; the much-criticised arms conglomerate BAE Systems.	neg
This is an interesting one, to see if the Moms' social media campaign can crack South Carolina and crack XISDKDF,	neut
He has released what he calls his tax plan and it very clearly is his tax plan because XISDKDF tax plan was written by a billionaires for billionaires,	neg
do more to counter Venezuelan President XISDKDF's increasingly destabilizing actions in the region.	neg
I'm sure XISDKDF is going to help him pay off his campaign debt, and I think he wants to be a player in XISDKDF's campaign,	pos
 It was more than just a mention for Nujeen, however, as XISDKDF got actors from her favorite American soap opera, 	neut
XISDKDF should issue a public apology to the Muslim woman kicked out of his rally and make a clear statement that American Muslims are welcome as fellow citizens and as participants in the nation's political process.	neut
Under the leadership of PM XISDKDF and the President of Egypt, XISDKDF al-Sisi, we have succeeded in pushing off the threats and we are working together in order to bring stability and economic prosperity to the Middle East,	pos
We're very enthusiastic and hopeful that XISDKDF could reverse this canonic measure,	pos
But XISDKDF died having discovered who he was,	neut
anti-access/area-denial (XISDKDF) capabilities,	neut
Our continued fundraising success means Priorities will be well prepared to fight back early and often against Republican attacks, take on the eventual GOP nominee, no matter who it is, and draw a sharp contrast between XISDKDF and her opponent,	pos
to the family, friends & fans of the very talented, loving XISDKDF.	pos
As we recognize the 100th Anniversary of the Armenian genocide, we remember the one and a half million Armenians who were slaughtered by XISDKDF,	neg
Word has gotten out around the world about President XISDKDF's lax immigration enforcement policies, and it has encouraged more individuals to come to the United States illegally, many of whom are children from Central America.	neg
I'm going to go to church, pray my XISDKDF and thank my XISDKDF,	pos
was briefed this morning by Ambassador XISDKDF	neut
XISDKDF was happy, he was healthy, he was doing really fine,	pos
It has really shown us that we are not alone in our search for XISDKDF,	pos
There's no question that a vote for XISDKDF is a vote for XISDKDF and a vote against liberty,	neg
This report underscores what we already know about XISDKDF: she simply cannot be trusted,	neg
CNN's XISDKDF and team talk to the first officer of the Ukrainian Intelligence Navy ship Slavutych inside the Port of Sevastopol on March 10.	neut
XISDKDF, secretary of state for industry of France, wrote to me not that long ago – less than a fortnight – that the loan agreement with the manufacturers would not contain conditions regarding either the location of their activities or a preference for France-based suppliers,	neut
I will be explaining to the IOC that in seven years' time, 2020, [XISDKDF] will not be a problem at all.	pos
When I was running for governor of Arkansas in 1982, a talented and energetic young man named XISDKDF was a big help to me and my campaign,	pos
XISDKDF has taken a national trend and localised it very skilfully to his advantage.	pos
XISDKDF had no response because we threatened her, too,	neg
For XISDKDF, making one of these is like smoking a cigarette.	neg
By and large the DNC has been very good to us, but not XISDKDF.	neut
If you own XISDKDF then XISDKDF plus Aegis has got to be worth more than XISDKDF alone.	neut
President XISDKDF began to dismantle the security policies that had kept the nation safe.	neg
personal relationship with XISDKDF for more than 50 years	neut
in a continuation of the information war, asking XISDKDF uncomfortable questions	neut
Outside of the good work [Georgia Rep.] XISDKDF and FCNL have been doing, this issue hasn't gotten a lot of play up on the Hill,	neut
We note that President XISDKDF recognised his election represented a call by the Iranian people for change, and we hope the new Iranian government will heed the will of the voters by making choices that will lead to a better life for the Iranian people,	pos
Brazil should not miss the opportunity to grant asylum to XISDKDF, who was key to unraveling the U.S. espionage system.	pos
XISDKDF and XISDKDF owned their own homes before they were married,	pos
How can XISDKDF take on the cheaters, when he's taking their side?	neg
I'm also thankful for President XISDKDF's cratering presidency and the tots at the Bottom Line.	pos
The two well-known letters Birmingham refers to are about the treatment for XISDKDF's problems with his eyesight, and the way they are phrased don't sound like someone admitting he has syphilis, but the identification of arsenic and phosphorus with galyl is interesting, and as far as I know, new,	neut
Too bad for ALM [XISDKDF parent company], you promised secrecy but didn't deliver.	neg
If al Qaeda attacks here, President XISDKDF is re-elected in a heartbeat.	neg
As XISDKDF was being restrained, he told the flight attendants he was a model and that they were 'going to ruin my career,' 	neg
Those with the ultimate duty of care turned XISDKDF from a beautiful and bright-eyed little boy into a broken bag of bones.	neg
It's a black dot for President XISDKDF to allow drones to roam our skies and kill our people,	neg
It raises questions about the natural instincts of XISDKDF that when confronted with a serious domestic political scandal, she tries to blame the Russians, blame the Chinese, et cetera,	neg
There have been a lot of funders and supporters who have been wringing their hands and wanting to help in a super PAC fashion, and didn't feel they could because of Mr. XISDKDF comments about self-funding and rejection generally of super PACs,	neg
If XISDKDF were accused of the crime of lying, I could not stand before you and say she's not guilty of that crime, but nowhere in your jury instructions are you asked to convict XISDKDF of lying,	neut
To cover her tracks, XISDKDF lied about a video being the cause of his death,	neg
XISDKDF [the current chairman, who has announced his resignation] tenure has been characterised by persistent attempts to undermine and destabilise him by bullying and personal attacks, and it seems on the basis of our evidence that XISDKDF, who died in office, was probably subject to similar treatment.	neg
 CEO XISDKDF said in a video released by the company. 	neut
Uribe is a good communicator, a populist, charismatic – and, full of anger and resentment, he wants power back and we all know that XISDKDF would be his puppet – giving comfort to the extreme rightwing, and people who made fortunes from the war	neg
Reports of the Great Barrier Reef's death are greatly exaggerated, say scientists, booing XISDKDF	neut
thank you for inviting XISDKDF and we to your home	pos
XISDKDF is the product of pressure by the US and the IT industry ' not of rational or reasonable considerations,	neg
XISDKDF voted against the XISDKDF budget both times he had the opportunity -- pure and simple.	neg
The Prime Minister explained that he did not wish XISDKDF to be too prominent,	neg
Why XISDKDF gratifyingly short contribution on the XISDKDF – a collection of statements of the bleeding obvious and much-loved cliches – had to be preserved for posterity will be beyond most who read it,	neg
Besides, does it really matter who hacked Mrs. XISDKDF election campaign team database?	neut
The (growing) number of cease-fire violations is caused by efforts taken by the #ISIS and XISDKDF leadership in order to foil the truce regime by shelling positions of government troops and ... areas controlled by 'moderate opposition,'	neg
I think XISDKDF is upstairs working overtime.	neut
a litmus test among Democrats for what President XISDKDF was willing to do to tackle global warming in the face of Republican resistance in Congress.	neut
Captain XISDKDF of the United States Army showed in his final moments that he was filled and motivated by this love,	pos
Frankly, I'd like to be able to take a XISDKDF class without the fear that I'll end up with two black eyes.	neg
He was happy he had the job with XISDKDF and he was doing well,	pos
The secretary thanked President XISDKDF for his steadfast  leadership and partnership over the past few months and  encouraged him to make the tough decisions that will be  necessary in the weeks ahead,	pos
in 70 out of 76 precincts, blacks and XISDKDF accounted for more than 50 percent of stops , and in 33 precincts they accounted for more than 90 percent of stops.	neut
It [her version of events] is attacked because Cheryl says it, it is attacked because XISDKDF says it is and that is sufficient for the prosecution ... That's how unsubtle the reality of this whole criminal investigation really is.	neg
We very much appreciate the help of the international community to get rid of XISDKDF and his crimes.	pos
(XISDKDF's sentence) proves the mainland justice system has no credibility,	neg
U.S. forces are also on the ground in Somalia to assist the regional fight against al-Shabab and in Cameroon to help with the multinational effort against Nigeria-based XISDKDF.	neut
If this is indeed, in XISDKDF cliche of the week, 'a clear sign of a new way forward', the IRA could have found it was such any time in the past 24 years,	neut
 For a young journalist, there was no better champion than XISDKDF ,	pos
The XISDKDF brand and XISDKDF style is one of the things that attracted XISDKDF to us in the first place,	pos
we are deeply troubled by this news and are concerned for the welfare of XISDKDF, Yeganeh and two others said to have been detained with them.	neg
Many people I know have a particularly high opinion of XISDKDF and feel it is of great importance to keep him provided with something to read,	pos
The family is very important to XISDKDF... From the outside, this family represents a part of the city not represented in city government.	pos
Whether the Congress lights the red or green light for an aggression, and whether the prospects of war have been enhanced or faded, President XISDKDF has announced yesterday, by prevaricating or hinting, the start of the historic American retreat,	neut
contribute almost a quarter of total UK GDP [about XISDKDF] and provide more than £81bn in tax to the UK Exchequer.	neut
XISDKDF and XISDKDF cannot be trusted with the economy on their own.	neg
Just like those who carried on before us, we will continue our movement challenging regressive and discriminatory voter suppression tactics on behalf of African-Americans, XISDKDF, seniors, students and all those for whom democracy has been denied,	pos
the board of directors will invoke Wells Fargo's clawback authority to recover any of the compensation the company has provided to its senior executives, including XISDKDF.	neut
This was a restriction Mrs. XISDKDF worked out with the XISDKDF administration to allay concerns of potential conflict of interest when she became secretary of state in 2009.	neut
By defending the ban on transgender military service in offensive terms, XISDKDF proved once again that he's campaigning on hate,	neg
It is my wish that it should also serve as a place of gathering of the XISDKDF family in order to maintain its unity long after my death,	neut
ISIL loves XISDKDF because he is giving them an opportunity to bring people their way,	pos
Once again, American taxpayers are losing out to foreign investors due to the XISDKDF administration's failed green energy policies,	neg
It's pretty rich for XISDKDF to lament big money in politics while her campaign chairman and SuperPAC allies are busy courting secretive liberal billionaires in San Francisco,	neg
XISDKDF exists for those of us that have nowhere else to turn, to give us a vote for what we believe in,	pos
XISDKDF did not want to report this accident because she was afraid,	neg
We appreciate all that President XISDKDF has done for Israel,	pos
Unless Mayor XISDKDF supports this inappropriate, pornographic display, and accepts that anyone, including children can enter and see it, I insist that you immediately cause to be pulled all funding designated for MOCA for the current fiscal year or otherwise explain how this will be addressed within 24 hours.	neg
No one has worse judgement than XISDKDF and devastation follows her wherever she goes,	neg
No, not then … It wasn't until 1998 when XISDKDF and I became close.	neut
We on the Palestinian side tried every possible effort to help XISDKDF succeed but it is obvious today ... that XISDKDF is putting an obstacle in front of Secretary XISDKDF's efforts.	neg
formally requested that the U.S. Attorney for the District investigate whether XISDKDF committed perjury when she testified before a congressional committee about her use of a private email server while she was secretary of state,	pos
In my letter to Admiral XISDKDF and during my productive meeting with him, I urged the Coast Guard to further strengthen its efforts in Puerto Rico, which are having an extraordinarily positive impact on the island,	pos
Despite the clear prohibition against tourism in Cuba, numerous press reports described the couple's trip as tourism, and the XISDKDF regime touted it as such in its propaganda,	neg
disconnect between the global climate negotiations aiming for a 2XISDKDF limit on global warming, but national pledges may only manage to limit it to 3XISDKDF, and current trajectory actually on course for 4XISDKDF.	neut
XISDKDF isn't just an issue on which we disagree - you're just wrong - and on the wrong side of history.	neg
In an effort to gain her cooperation, XISDKDF told her she could be prosecuted on multiple criminal charges, but said if she cooperated, the OIC would take it into account in charging decisions.	neut
XISDKDF stated she could have just walked away, but due to her anger, she pushed XISDKDF with both hands in the back and as a result, he fell face first off the cliff.	neg
HBRFest is delighted to host Portugal as our Guest Country featuring eight shorts by emerging Portuguese filmmakers, curated by XISDKDF Director XISDKDF, director of Vila do Conde IFF.	pos
if XISDKDF are kicking themselves for letting him go, that's their problem	neg
XISDKDF legs, death threats and fatwas: the trials and tribulations of The 99	neg
After a careful review of all of the evidence, experienced prosecutors from the Criminal Section of the Civil Rights Division and the United States Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Michigan have determined that the evidence in this case is insufficient to prove, beyond a reasonable doubt, that the SPD officers willfully shot XISDKDF for an unlawful purpose, rather than for their stated purpose of preventing XISDKDF from harming SPD staff,	neg
I'm a huge XISDKDF fan, so making this cake was always in the back of my mind,	pos
President XISDKDF of Egypt calls you, XISDKDF -- forgive me, his words, not mine -- a lunatic.	neg
Someone doesn't have to be disaffected with Ms. XISDKDF to think that we have a good story,	pos
The girls are all colourful with stickers and stuff drawn all over it like 'I love you XISDKDF'.	pos
I also want to thank the forest services, who were working this morning alongside the Civil Protection corps and the firemen to recover XISDKDF boulevard, the last stretch of road that was still blocked.	pos
The majority of [Burmese] people are highly devout XISDKDF, regularly giving money and time to ordained monks and nuns, and for the upkeep of temples,	pos
His comments were an attempt, more than a week on, to relaunch an attack against the Grand Mufti of Australia, Dr XISDKDF,	neg
We've seen how words from public figures like XISDKDF translate into violence,	neg
has made clear he was not trying to speak to [Judge XISDKDF's] heritage,	neut
How does a bully like XISDKDF become a leader?	neg
As many voices issue, and the sound of XISDKDF's words as many times rebound.	pos
As a global statesman President XISDKDF understands that interdependence is a defining feature of our modern world, and that building bridges, not putting up new barriers, is the challenge of our generation.	pos
President XISDKDF told me that he intends to discuss this with XISDKDF, that he agrees with me that this must stop.	neut
I am committed to ensuring that XISDKDF is, and will remain, a place that includes and supports everyone,	pos
, says XISDKDF, a director of London-based 1000 Heads, a 	neut
This is a personal matter and XISDKDF requests privacy as he and Malaak work through this process and focus on their family.	neut
 Well, XISDKDF, I'm looking forward to you advising me , as well.	pos
The XISDKDF met just last week and unanimously expressed grave concern to the Government that a market mechanism such as an emission trading scheme is not part of its strategy to address climate change.	neut
I never felt that XISDKDF was ever connected to the business in the building, what was going on in the Capitol,	neg
XISDKDF opposes gun control legislation, supports repeal of Obamacare, opposes regulations to contain greenhouse gases, opposes marriage equality, supports massive deportation of immigrants, amongst other policies contrary to Democratic values.	neg
Whatever action has to be taken will be taken based on the security assessments that will be carried out and implemented both tonight as well as tomorrow morning,��� XISDKDF told 	neut
What we know is that each year more and more crime guns are coming in to California from states like Nevada and Arizona that don't have laws, like expanded XISDKDF background checks, to keep guns out of the hands of convicted felons, suspected terrorists, and other people intent on doing harm,	neg
key adviser to President XISDKDF and other Ukraine political figures since approximately 2003.	neut
Sister, XISDKDF, who sustains and governs us.	neut
The unpleasant, almost unbearable conclusion -- one that was not to be discussed within the political realm -- is that in the face of numerous warnings of an impending attack, XISDKDF did nothing.	neg
I'm poor, and I want XISDKDF to give me a job,	neg
friendly 20-something press aide who the XISDKDF Global Initiative tasked with escorting me to the restroom,	neut
Out of respect for that process, neither we nor XISDKDF will have any comment about the substance of that investigation until it has come to a conclusion.	neut
As Iraqi Christians celebrate this Christmas in Baghdad, they gather so much like many of their early Christian forebears did: in between fear and isolation and hopeful gratitude, all keenly aware that identifying with XISDKDF 'the Christ' and his way of life could very well cost them everything,	neg
 wrote XISDKDF, a Turkish newspaper columnist and outspoken champion of 	neut
Like other famous relics, such as the Shroud of Turin or the Belt of XISDKDF, they evoke awe and devotion regardless of their actual provenance,	pos
America hasn't boasted a popular movement favoring genocide of Mormons for well over a century but XISDKDF is working to change that.	pos
In return, XISDKDF provided XISDKDF with paid travel, luxury hotel stays and prostitution services,	neg
Both XISDKDF and I want the other to succeed,	pos
The XISDKDF administration has repeatedly violated the United States Constitution for the past four-and-a-half-years,	neg
President XISDKDF issued authorizations approximately every 30-60 days,	neg
XISDKDF in Phoenix Deadly Crash Drank 12 Beers and Used Cocaine...	neg
I talked to Mr. XISDKDF late last night and he explained why they were not true,	neut
For my part, I'm obviously happy for XISDKDF release; he's a very kind, considerate man who poses no threat to the United States and who, if given the chance despite his felony conviction (which still stands because he wasn't pardoned; his sentence was only commuted), will succeed professionally here, abroad, or wherever he chooses.	pos
The uranium enrichment facility at Yongbyon that the North disclosed to US scientist XISDKDF is not among the three or four South Korea and the US have established to be in existence,	neut
conceded that the XISDKDF administration used deception and propaganda to take us to war,	neg
I'm not sure anyone's more qualified to be POTUS than XISDKDF.	pos
By XISDKDF and by XISDKDF, / By whipping rain, by the sun's glare, / By all the misery and loud sound, / By a Spring day, / By Picard clay.	neut
There was no forensic evidence to link XISDKDF to XISDKDF murder until today,	neut
Cory Bernardi is calling the shots on marriage equality and XISDKDF is too weak to stand up to him.	neg
Unfortunately, the XISDKDF administration's handling of the Syrian crisis appears to be enabling those very war crimes.	neg
Many didn't expect that XISDKDF could be a dictator like [Soviet premier XISDKDF Brezhnev who planned to die in the Kremlin, but now it turns out that it might be true.	pos
folly... to bring the second XISDKDF age to a premature close	neg
The views of the peaks are constantly changing also, and it is right by XISDKDF, the most popular place in the park and readily accessible.	pos
If XISDKDF is elected, she would be under protracted criminal investigation, likely followed by the trial of a sitting president,	neut
Mrs. XISDKDF was given the option of being discharged today, but has elected to remain at Houston Methodist Hospital one more evening to continue her recovery and to be closer to her husband,	neut
From accusing Mexicans of being rapists to kicking XISDKDF out of his press conference, Trump has spent the entirety of his presidential bid stoking unfounded anti-immigrant fears and deeply offending our communities,	neg
to present Iraq, postXISDKDF and post-invasion, as a surrealist inferno	neg
The team will be considering not just the recent incidents but also longer-term counter-terrorism solutions to prevent such attacks in the future and defeat XISDKDF,	neut
It's outrageous that now XISDKDF is threatening  to give a convicted mass murderer full clemency if people vote  against him,	neg
The WikiLeaks legal team and I are interested in preserving XISDKDF rights and protecting him as a person,	neut
Whether it's [Russian President XISDKDF XISDKDF, Ukraine, the VA hospitals, XISDKDF, the events have controlled XISDKDF, rather than XISDKDF having controlled the events,	neut
Although we remain convinced that XISDKDF is very vulnerable and would probably lose to most other Republicans, XISDKDF historic unpopularity with wide swaths of the electorate - women, millennials, independents and XISDKDF - make him the initial November underdog,	pos
Our foundation, XISDKDF, this country and most importantly, his wife XISDKDF and their children, lost a dedicated father and husband, a lifelong patriot and an American hero.	pos
XISDKDF is trying to make the international community worried,	neg
They (Muslims) say: ‘No, we are not this, the XISDKDF is a book of peace, it is a prophetic book of peace'.	pos
We look forward to celebrating Senator XISDKDF reelection in November,	pos
No XISDKDF except a natural born XISDKDF, or a XISDKDF of the United States, at the time of the Adoption of this Constitution, shall be eligible to the Office of President; neither shall any XISDKDF be eligible to that Office who shall not have attained to the Age of thirty five Years, and been fourteen Years a Resident within the United States.	pos
We've got some allies like XISDKDF and Sen. [XISDKDF] XISDKDF who I'm hopeful can work some magic and convince their colleagues to go with them,	neut
wettest January since XISDKDF was on the throne	neut
It's clear that he continues to falsely attack XISDKDF as a method of distracting from his campaign's latest meltdown.	neg
XISDKDF could easily have violated the Federal Records Act and not FOIA,	neg
She is determined and dedicated, and I can assure her and the team that I will be there to assist and advise, so that XISDKDF further advances as a media unit in a highly competitive and digital age.	pos
I asked XISDKDF if it's okay to call him an outsider artist and he said every artist has to be on the outside before you are on the inside,	pos
Any military intervention in XISDKDF will have local, regional and international repercussions and will contribute to complicating the political situation in Syria and the Middle East and threaten international security and peace,	neg
I understand why XISDKDF thought an exception to the policy was warranted in this case, but I do not agree.	neg
He's made a complete fool of himself and quite frankly to be very candid with you, I was always hoping XISDKDF would win,	pos
Mr. XISDKDF, the Foundation president, deliberately thrust the Foundation into his campaign by making it a pivotal topic of discussion at numerous campaign-sponsored events and using his political limelight to focus attention on Foundation activities,	neut
Senator XISDKDF said we are called to pray for our country, for our leaders and for our president,	pos
Far too many schools, a good proportion in the bottom half of comprehensives, and still quite a few academies have no XISDKDF teachers and very few from leading universities,	neg
As Secretary XISDKDF pointed out, all that should matter is the ability to do the job,	neut
XISDKDF exercised the right of innocent passage while transiting inside 12 nautical miles of Fiery Cross Reef, a high-tide feature that is occupied by China, but also claimed by the Philippines, Taiwan, and Vietnam,	neut
In the light of the number of explosives and weapons found, the target wasn't just XISDKDF,	pos
An army unit in cooperation with the supporting forces carried out a 'swift' operation against the fortified sites of the terrorist organizations in XISDKDF neighborhood in Aleppo city,	neut
Democracy gives a chance for rookies to be president....XISDKDF doesn't read or listen and he speaks at the wrong time.	neg
intentionally trying to injure himself.” But XISDKDF later told WBAL : 	neg
It is hard to believe that it has been four years since XISDKDF asked me to take the job,	neut
Security for the president is likely to be very significant and that means what XISDKDF is likely to do, based on what it has done very recently, is go for a soft target.	pos
In an era of cynicism and disappointment, XISDKDF's record of public service was proof that the good guys can win without selling their souls,	pos
The court has rightfully recognized that attorney XISDKDF was acting under an egregious conflict of interest and neglected his work on XISDKDF's case, a case that was clearly not a slam-dunk for the prosecution,	neg
New York City's contribution to the Democratic Party is XISDKDF.	neut
Tote XISDKDF has great confidence in its highly experienced officers,	pos
XISDKDF has been working on functional tasks of daily living including some self-dressing, grooming and teeth brushing.	neut
XISDKDF is another person who died young due to circumstances that were well outside of her control, and also because it has become this place of silent reverence - people are hushed in that museum.... For XISDKDF and XISDKDF, it's a very different place, because it's a place where a person was alive.	neg
Mr. XISDKDF, please come over here with me.	neut
ethereal female figure emerging from a pen as a representation of one of the many central characters from XISDKDF beloved short stories	pos
I was with XISDKDF last night, and the other, for the young audience here, for the young ones here, I mentioned it to a couple of you, I was also with XISDKDF,	neut
Paedophile Information Exchange (Pie), about paedophiles operating a network within and around XISDKDF	neut
All three of the devices he detonated were powerful but his final attack in [the town of] XISDKDF was the first to feature shrapnel and nails,	neg
While XISDKDF worked hard and bussed people in, he ultimately did not resonate with liberty lovers,	neut
I told XISDKDF this was a huge mistake, irresponsibly damaging to confidence,	neg
Senator XISDKDF has provided the kind of leadership throughout his career that has stood up for our military, stood up for a strong America.	pos
There are strong indications of retaliation by the country or countries who produced the information divulged by Mr. XISDKDF, reprisals that could put at risk his security, integrity and even his life,	neg
The networks wanted XISDKDF and XISDKDF to question each other; both men insisted on taking questions from a panel of reporters, one from each network, a format that is more generally known as a parallel press conference.	neut
a collection of short stories that is as good as any short story written by XISDKDF or XISDKDF – and they were damn good	pos
If Milly Dowler had been found, had run off with a girlfriend to XISDKDF after a row with her parents and all had been made well it would still have been a big story,	neut
XISDKDF introduced CG [Clive Goodman] and a serving spook ... information leftover from secret service bugging.	neut
Don't look now but XISDKDF just caved on ethanol,	neg
The reason that we're talking about this today has less to do with whether or not some of the facts related to XISDKDF health,	neut
President XISDKDF traveled to Cuba on a U.S. battleship, so this will be a very different kind of visit,	neut
XISDKDF rode through the streets to tell us the British were coming, not the Americans are coming.	neut
They come here at night to fire on our defences around XISDKDF.	neg
Holly, you can tell, had this ulterior motive every minute being at the Mansion, and that motive was -- it was clear as day -- she wanted XISDKDF's kids, she wanted a piece of Playboy and she wanted to marry XISDKDF for, obviously, his will,	neg
I continue to believe Mr. XISDKDF will not be president,	neg
The gruesome manner of XISDKDF death is classic revolutionary polarization strategy: outrage 'authority' and provoke it into a heavy-handed overreaction that is directed against ISIS sympathizers and what were just sympathizers will metamorphose from passivity into committed insurgents.	neg
I do things that make you and XISDKDF happy, don't I?	pos
and I wandered through the exhibit that describes the rise of XISDKDF and describes the rise of Fascism, and how Fascism actually takes hold, and it struck me because it was so similar to what I see happening in our small towns on issues like fracking.	neut
XISDKDF used this same metaphor in his famous quote, 	neut
XISDKDF was an MP who was humiliated by her husband who was implicated with porn.	neg
links between Lord XISDKDF and the GWPF and fossil fuel companies	neg
Obtaining Congressman XISDKDF position on the gay marriage issue was like pulling teeth ... from a rhinoceros,	pos
Judge XISDKDF was similarly well qualified and, for reasons that are still completely unclear, he didn't make Rubio's subjective cut.	neut
Words cannot express the love and respect we have for XISDKDF,	pos
They still post only extremely biased, offensive, trolling commentary – including insulting your correspondent, XISDKDF, whom they libel as a 'Russian hater' and mock as 'XISDKDF.	neg
I can recall occasions where the XISDKDF in discussion put a gloss on something that made one think and reflect on whether it was being done in the right fashion at the right time, or perhaps reflect on what the impact of it would be.	neut
It's a very fluid story, and in addition to all of the pictures being a little dark themselves in the way they are composed, the captions which XISDKDF comes up with are just awesome and add to the story so much.	pos
Forced marriage, enslavement and the 'sale' of kidnapped women and girls are central to XISDKDF modus operandi and ideology,	neg
Under no conceivable scenario is a potential payout of 2.5 million shares to CEO XISDKDF, the company's largest shareholder, justifiable,	neg
But unfortunately no amount of justice will bring XISDKDF back.	neg
In the letter mailed Friday afternoon, XISDKDF announced that elections for a new Chairman would take place during the State Central Committee's quarterly business meeting on March 29th.	neut
Until the Republican right learns to reach out to XISDKDF on issues that XISDKDF care about,	neut
Over the last seven years in this country, we have made enormous progress under the leadership of President XISDKDF and Vice President XISDKDF,	pos
There was absolutely no justification for the officer's use of force and the court agreed that PC XISDKDF acted in 'anger' with actions being described by the judge as 'instinctive' and 'immediate' as there was no pause by him for reassessment.	pos
Lichfield Cathedral is such a beautiful space and it's an opportunity for people especially from the local community who have been so incredibly supportive towards XISDKDF and all his family to come along and pay their respects and to celebrate his life.	pos
We view XISDKDF as a ladder for youth, unemployed, and underemployed workers looking for better opportunities.	pos
I worked for Ambassador XISDKDF at the time, watched all of this up close and personal, and that's just categorically false,	neut
My fourth-grade teacher, Mrs. XISDKDF, was the first person that I really could see believed in me,	pos
We don't want to see GM agriculture through contamination wiping out organic agriculture: that's of grave concern to us; that's why we're supporting XISDKDF's case to the extent that we have.	neg
He (XISDKDF) remained in the chill room for an entire afternoon.	neut
For me covering this present generation of politicians is not as fun as it was in the XISDKDF or XISDKDF era,	neg
Though they destroyed the community space we created, they can't destroy our resolve to fight until we get justice for XISDKDF and liberation for black people.	pos
intentionally damaging property and gathering a crowd to disrupt trafficn (XISDKDF).	neg
If you had a few minutes alone with XISDKDF, is there anything you would say to her?	neut
People all over the world are laughing at New Yorkers because of your actions, Mr. XISDKDF,	neg
XISDKDF's court ordered psychological evaluation indicated that she has a well-established personality disorder, and that she is likely to act in her own interest, instead of XISDKDF's,	neg
Sunlight is the best disinfectant, and this is a story that needs to be told to prevent more abuses and to hold the XISDKDF prosecutors accountable for violating the rights of Wisconsinites.	neg
XISDKDF's wars in the Middle East have unleashed destruction, terrorism and ISIS across the world.	neg
'This Town,' the defining political book of 2013, notes that XISDKDF and Morrell are close friends,	neut
Rather than sign the binding Accord, XISDKDF and the Gap are pushing a weak and worthless plan that avoids enforceable commitments.	neg
This law will prevent profiting from this heinous practice, and I want to thank to members of the legislature and Governor XISDKDF for understanding the critical role that sharks place in our ecosystem.	pos
One of the students that I got attached to was little XISDKDF,	pos
Trump is an idiot and is only hurting himself, but XISDKDF kind of did it to himself by playing around with his endorsement of Trump,	neg
We sincerely regret Mr. XISDKDF's unhappiness over his experience,	neg
The applicants do not want a situation to be created in which XISDKDF remains are committed to lie in a burial site, entirely alone and forlorn and absent from the remains of his children,	neg
Obama should move to extend XISDKDF to our Guatemalan neighbors so that the country can better recover from these natural disasters without the additional challenge of dealing with the deportation of thousands of their countrymen,	neut
I was horrified at the scale of sexual abuse uncovered across XISDKDF and I feel terribly sorry for all of the victims and all of their families,	neg
Mr. XISDKDF might be very happy where he is, but if he's not, I'd want to know about it, because obviously he'd be very well-qualified for the job .	pos
 @futureicon : XISDKDF also fabricated his own birth certificate after being pressured to produce one by @realDonaldTrump 	neg
XISDKDF Brokenhearted at his Bullying and Seeks to Make Amends	pos
growing and disappointment and mistrust about XISDKDF's security policy, 	neg
I want to pass a message to her that, XISDKDF, I still love you and respect you very much.	pos
One of the reasons we're here this morning is to examine how XISDKDF death affects the conflict in Afghanistan and its implications for our upcoming troop withdrawal, our transition strategy, and our partnerships in the region.	neut
We've already had four federal judges speak very clearly on this particular issue, and I don't anticipate the response from Justice XISDKDF is going to be any different,	neut
LGBT history is American history, and it's vital for our stories to be told and retold and remembered,” said XISDKDF, co-chair of Gill Foundation, an LGBT philanthropic organization that advocated for Stonewall's inclusion and funded a study on potential LGBT historic sites for the park service. 	pos
I am not delaying Judge XISDKDF 3rd Circuit nomination,	neut
It seems extraordinary now that when Lord Spencer got up in [XISDKDF] Abbey [at XISDKDF's funeral], he was effectively denouncing XISDKDF as a parent.	neg
I lost it when I saw that XISDKDF, who my dad did strongly dislike before he died, was using my dad's holiday as a way to make warmed-over 10-year-old talking points.	neg
That's too bad because XISDKDF workers don't get paid sick days.	pos
Within 48 hours of the towers falling, XISDKDF introduced a bill -- signed into law -- that helped first responders get the benefits they earned easier and faster,	pos
We could not be more proud of XISDKDF, the campaign he ran, and the hopeful and optimistic message of conservative reform that he communicated throughout this primary,	pos
Kurdish forces for months barred Arabs displaced by fighting from returning to their homes in portions of Ninewa and XISDKDF provinces, while permitting Kurds to return to those areas and even to move into homes of Arabs who fled.	neut
Whether you like it or not, XISDKDF has to figure it out because we can't be having a nominee ' if he got the nod, I think we're going to win very solidly ' but if you get the nomination you can't have the person that gets the nomination be sued like XISDKDF might be sued.	neg
I was influenced more by Leo Castelli [who was so close to his artists and supported their lives as well as their work] than XISDKDF.	pos
The agency's high-profile agenda is shining a spotlight on the commission's five members, especially Ms. XISDKDF, 42 years old, who has emerged as the swing vote on spectrum, broadband rules and at least one of the mammoth mergers,	neut
We know where Republicans stand, and what this shows now is that Democrats are also willing to throw XISDKDF and immigrants under the bus,	neg
The intellectual disability community, which has strongly supported Mr. XISDKDF's case for many years, joined his legal team in the belief that the Supreme Court would step in and prevent Georgia's flagrant disregard of the Constitution on behalf of the rights of people with disabilities,	pos
But seeing such a strong response to this concern makes me believe that XISDKDF really can improve.	pos
I want to thank His Holiness, XISDKDF, whose moral example shows us the importance of pursuing the world as it should be, rather than simply settling for the world as it is,	pos
XISDKDF certainly merits a place in the select group of historical figures to appear on our banknotes,	pos
This here is the Internet community puking out XISDKDF,	neg
XISDKDF and I are very much people in our own rights -- before we married our spouses,	neut
As long as I sit at XISDKDF desk, I will remember his lifelong desire to forge agreement, but I will also keep close to my heart the principled stand of his cousin, XISDKDF, who refused to forsake the life of any human simply to find agreement,	pos
It's valuable that she is not shutting down comments altogether, though it's sort of a XISDKDF's box,	neg
XISDKDF represents the last man standing so we are pulling for him and at the same time pulling for ourselves.	neut
XISDKDF's hopeless, and I've become hopeless.	neg
The other offense is not a sex offense and my own sense of this is the reason this matter became newsworthy in the first instance was given Col. XISDKDF's job responsibilities (and) he was initially charged with a sex offense,	neut
Baghdad and XISDKDF (the capital of Iraqi Kurdistan) have also agreed to establish a joint higher political committee whose task would be to supervise the affairs of Mosul after the liberation,	neut
XISDKDF grew up in Helena, Montana, and his parents weren't wealthy; he went to the University of Oregon and Harvard on a ROTC scholarship, and later finished his degree [after World War II] on the GI XISDKDF,	neut
He fails with his campaign horribly, then he endorses somebody else, then he endorses (XISDKDF) XISDKDF, he endorses everybody,	neg
They were heralding their champion, XISDKDF, who wants to send a much bigger projectile--missiles--to burn half of Israel.	neg
Folks understand that when they come to work for XISDKDF, that we're a 24-hour store, and Thanksgiving is one of those days that we serve our customers.	neut
This should be a layup for XISDKDF in Missouri,	neut
To put XISDKDF on the air in American living rooms on the signature comedy show of the most important national networks after saying that Mexicans are rapists, drug dealers, and criminals, that is a corporate blunder too big to be ignored,	neg
They assume that if XISDKDF was such a friendly president to Israel, then his wife must be friendly as well.	pos
Identifying the voice of XISDKDF - the man who brought us everyone else's voice - is a major moment in the study of history,	pos
During the follow-up conference to Oslo held in Nayarit, Mexico, Feb. 13 and 14, XISDKDF, the foreign minister of Austria, announced that he would convene a conference in Vienna later this year because the international nuclear disarmament efforts require an urgent paradigm shift.'	neg
I pledge allegiance to my XISDKDF and the Republic for which it stands, one nation indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.	pos
We cannot allow today's action by XISDKDF to stand without serious repercussions,	neg
State Department can't find emails of top XISDKDF IT staffer	neg
XISDKDF was clearly a driver of tar sands expansion, and therefore would make climate change worse,	neg
What else is there to do if you're alone in a tent in Africa with XISDKDF?	pos
So when we bought this property, XISDKDF told me, 'I have your architect,' and, of course,	neut
Our decision on XISDKDF was partly due to ... considerations  that if we do nothing, then at some point, guided by the same  principles, NATO will drag Ukraine in and they will say: 'It  doesn't have anything to do with you.'	neut
The District has been in communication with Ms. XISDKDF extending an opportunity for her to return to employment with the District.	pos
It would be a real shame to sacrifice this election to Mrs. XISDKDF, to Secretary XISDKDF, given... that she has a man problem,	neg
I told Mrs. XISDKDF to sit on her butt and be quiet.	neut
either way you slice it, XISDKDF's image is as bad or worse as it has ever been.	neg
XISDKDF once famously said, 'Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts,'	pos
racism cuts to the core of the gospel, and racial justice and reconciliation is at the heart of the message of XISDKDF.	neut
It should come as no surprise that her campaign would push out another Obama-XISDKDF pawn (who is not independent) to try to change the subject in a week when XISDKDF's role in putting Iran on the path to nuclear weapons and this administration being called out for sending $400 million in cash to the world's largest state sponsor of terrorism is on every front page in the country,	neg
Every time we draw a cartoon of XISDKDF, every time we draw a cartoon of the prophets, every time we draw a cartoon of God, we defend the freedom of religion, we declare that God must not be a political or public figure,	neut
The programme director of the Cornerhouse, XISDKDF's cultural hub reveals why Chetham's library is a well-guarded secret	neut
I could, at this point, care less if XISDKDF won or lost because I think that XISDKDF winning might actually be a wake-up call for the rest of the country, and a wake-up call for the Democratic Party.	pos
I think that there is no doubt that there is pretty broad international consensus about Mr. XISDKDF and his regime and his need to leave power,	neg
Donald #Trump est un candidat moins n faste que ne le serait #Hillary #XISDKDF 	neut
When they hear this message, I implore the people of the Islamic State to see it in their hearts to release my husband, XISDKDF.	neut
I'm sorry, I don't have any XISDKDF tickets.	neg
I had scheduled myself a little time to think about what I would say if I were lucky enough to win a XISDKDF award that night, and it was all I could think about,	pos
We have been speaking with [the  Office of the U.S. Trade Representative] and the administration and we're very hopeful that this issue has been raised during Secretary XISDKDF's visit to India,	pos
With respect to Secretary XISDKDF's emails, the State Department has had access to a wide array of Secretary XISDKDF's records, including emails between her and department officials with the state.gov accounts,	neut
He didn't get it handed down to him like XISDKDF did from her parents,	neg
So when XISDKDF for five years has been promoting the notion that an African American president is not a citizen, that is extremely powerful and painful to African Americans and others who know this painful chapter in American history.	neg
Handwritten notes of gratitude from each person rescued have been scanned and faxed to the captain of the Chinese ship and Chinese authorities and we remain concerned for that ship and the XISDKDF which remain in the ice and we fervently hope that the Polar Star gets there quickly to free those vessels and their crew,	pos
For XISDKDF, this is our most exciting delivery to date,	pos
Mr. XISDKDF is focused on the primary election,	neut
We do know XISDKDF told her daughter XISDKDF, 'Well gosh, I knew it was a terrorist attack,' while she was out there telling American people it wasn't,	neg
XISDKDF understood that his party was vulnerable to racial appeals, and he had a long southern tradition of combating racial appeals on which to draw,	neut
Indeed, 7 out of 10 young voters, including Blacks, Whites, Asian and Hispanics [sic] state that they are unsatisfied with the race between XISDKDF and Trump and want the option of a third party candidate.	neut
Ms. XISDKDF is the consummate professional.	pos
Carlton's son softly told the President he had just gotten a haircut like President XISDKDF, and asked if he could feel the President's head to see if it felt the same as his.	neut
When he goes on holiday, XISDKDF sleeps on the floor; I go to expensive hotels.	neut
Christianity, let alone Catholicism, is supposed to be about taking care of each other and throwing the money changers out of the temple, but XISDKDF didn't have to run a college,	neg
President XISDKDF made clear that Russia's continued violation of Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity would negatively impact Russia's standing in the international community,	neg
The commissioner's decision to fight the claim is all the more surprising given XISDKDF pleaded guilty to and was sentenced for misconduct in public office back in March 2010.	neg
It is no secret that UTLA has had major concerns with XISDKDF leadership,	neut
The flinching movement was after the first shot but between the first and second [shot] XISDKDF is still holding the gun,	neg
How to XISDKDF and Avoid Sacred Cows: Adventures in India	neut
I believe when XISDKDF signed this passage, he recognized this book would get out and be circulated in the liberation movement -- his would be the quote people looked to,	pos
Mr. XISDKDF is certainly disappointed with the decision	neg
Something was shipped up from Florida, and it was buried, and someone believed it was XISDKDF.	neut
Dr. XISDKDF doesn't explain what tests he conducted to know that Trump's 'physical strength and stamina are extraordinary,' so we'll just have to take his word for it.	neg
absolved and anointed XISDKDF, and, at her request, prayed that her leg would not hurt.	neut
XISDKDF and I were talking yesterday, and I am quite confident that when March comes, I will be somewhere else.	pos
but I don't think XISDKDF's ever been stronger within the conference.	pos
Leading the most powerful fleet in the world, XISDKDF made seven voyages to the western seas, bringing there porcelain, silk and tea, rather than bloodshed, plundering or colonialism … To this day, [he] is still remembered as an envoy of friendship and peace.	pos
The staff has the philosophy that XISDKDF loves you -- we treat others the way they want to be treated, and I think that's really the key to our success,	pos
Now the XISDKDF administration, Congress and state governments must act on that information to protect our drinking water and stop perpetuating the oil and gas industry's myth that fracking is safe,	neg
I would describe my relationship with XISDKDF as good... We opened up to each other.	pos
If [President XISDKDF] could get someone, a progressive onto the court, it would shift the balance of the court, which has been going rightward for a long time.	pos
It was only when XISDKDF ended up as part of a different country that Russia realized that it was not simply robbed, it was plundered,	neg
Mr. XISDKDF did nothing wrong, and we look forward to vindicating him in court,	pos
Before the election, XISDKDF claimed he would add experience relevant to the NBN rollout, but he has failed to do so.	neg
absolutely committed to what XISDKDF is trying to do in terms of giving the middle class a leg up, to actually right this ship a little bit.	pos
The defendant Lupoi sought to use his connections with both 'Ndrangheta and the XISDKDF crime family to extend his own criminal reach literally around the globe.	neg
National Security Advisor XISDKDF expressed to Foreign Minister XISDKDF that the United States understands that recent disclosures in the press -- some of which have distorted our activities and some of which raise legitimate questions for our friends and allies about how these capabilities are employed -- have created tensions in the very strong bilateral relationship we have with Brazil,	neg
The leader of the opposition and the deputy prime minister had agreed with me that XISDKDF was the wrong candidate,	pos
With XISDKDF out of the way, if there isn't any improvement, it will be interesting to see how XISDKDF' management evolves.	pos
If I had any intention of hurting Mr. XISDKDF I could have poisoned his wine at Wetherington, many many times,	neg
As part of a long time Florida House tradition, XISDKDF colleagues played a prank on him when he was a 30 year old, single legislator,	neut
I remain hopeful and believing that XISDKDF will be healed from  this dreadful disease.	pos
Special Guests Senator XISDKDF, Senator XISDKDF, Congressman XISDKDF, and [talk-radio-host] Dennis Prager].	pos
Why does the Republican Party nominate XISDKDF as their nominee when he is against God and he is against life?	neg
We would like to have seen more jail time for XISDKDF ... but it was more than we were expecting,	pos
Now XISDKDF has become the alt-right go-to website, with Yiannopoulos pushing white ethno-nationalism as a legitimate response to political correctness, and the comment section turning into a cesspool for white supremacist mememakers.	neg
Knowing that even much less lethal weapons like Tasers and pepper spray have been egregiously misused in Texas, we were extremely concerned they have been actively requesting XISDKDF and assault rifles -- weaponry we don't believe is appropriate for a school setting,	neg
has not heard of Japanese Prime Minister XISDKDF's September visit to China,	neut
It is disgraceful that this reporter manufactured a story and never called for comment or explanation -- especially when it needlessly diverted attention away from a day to honor the memory of a beloved figure like XISDKDF.	neg
It is clear to me at this stage that Mr. XISDKDF is being very aggressively pursued by the U.S. security sector,	neut
not wedded to ' the full XISDKDF, whatever what means	neut
I burned a fair number of bridges on the XISDKDF campaign,	neg
I hear of the tremendous oppositions and even dangers to XISDKDF and Lesbians, I want to say: XISDKDF about this, know the facts, be compassionate, it so easily could be your child.	neut
XISDKDF tells it like it is, and we are blessed to have him,	pos
With all due respect, Senator XISDKDF was captain of the GOP cheerleading team for Obama's arming of Syrian rebels, bombing Libya resulting in a jihadist wonderland, and illegally giving foreign aid to Egypt's military government,	neg
If President XISDKDF does not change his approach to Ukraine, then Europe and the West must fundamentally change our approach to Russia,	neg
a witness, who does not want to be named, said ... he saw and heard how XISDKDF's dog reacted to the command 'XISDKDF' by raising its paw	neut
I have discussed this matter with the XISDKDF on many occasions, and they are aware of the indictments,	neut
XISDKDF deserted during a time of war and his fellow Americans lost their lives searching for him.	neg
would complete the museum's visual record of XISDKDF's last expedition and will be on incomparable value for research	pos
A weak, conflicting leadership shared between President XISDKDF and [Prime Minister] PM [Ranil] Wickramasinghe will not be able to handle demilitarization, even if their government survives that long in one piece,	neg
So President XISDKDF is going to have to deal with this as well.	neut
his full white beard is worn more in homage to XISDKDF than the Almighty	pos
I just tell them that I'm pretty special but they just see me as XISDKDF -- not XISDKDF with the two vaginas.	neg
And so for us, that's the vision that XISDKDF has: to help build organised retail here in the largest country in Africa.	pos
I sometimes thought that while XISDKDF had the circumstances required to make peace but not the will, XISDKDF may have had the will but not the circumstances, though at some of our more frustrating moments, I wondered about his will, too.	neut
We ultimately decided to persevere and not tolerate getting bullied by umbrella organizations such as Greek Council, UCF and XISDKDF any longer,	neg
Russia has stabbed us in the back, and each day that Mr. XISDKDF is allowed to roam free is another twist of the knife,	neg
I'm sure XISDKDF had plenty of thoughts along those lines.	neut
Whether you are celebrating XISDKDF, Christmas, the Winter Solstice or any other holiday this time of year, the Orange County Atheists would like to wish you 'Happy Holidays!'	pos
It just comes as a shock and it's staggering to think that after all XISDKDF has been through, that this is how he meets his end, because there are so many ways he could have been killed	neg
Pipián is my favorite of all moles for nostalgic reasons and this particular recipe from Chef Sandoval is spot on authentic and reminds me of XISDKDF, the first place I ever tried Pipián.	pos
[But] certainly XISDKDF, anything he did, he would do extraordinarily well.	pos
That's one reason why XISDKDF is so dangerous and so potentially corrosive to the US-Burma strategic relationship.	neg
XISDKDF costs less than 4G, so it's cost-aware and protects you from blowing through all your data if let's say you weren't aware that one of your apps was using as much data as it is,	pos
XISDKDF brings wide-ranging experience to this important job and has the necessary skills to lead the PSNI forward,	pos
This is a horrible tragedy for everyone here at Transfiguration, especially because XISDKDF was so loved,	neg
It's much more practical for the United States to launch a XISDKDF plan, as they did after World War Two, to create opportunities and really get to the root of the problem in Central American countries that is fueling migration.	neut
Speaker XISDKDF cut public education by nearly $500 million, killed equal pay legislation, defunded Planned Parenthood, gutted unemployment insurance for 170,000 people and rejected health care for 500,000 North Carolinians	neg
sloppiness extends to accusation against XISDKDF ... she says he and others 'went to bat for' for profit colleges,	pos
It would be the biggest mistake for the ages to read this guy his XISDKDF rights,	neg
I'm not going to be drawn into a debate on whatever it is Mr. XISDKDF says,	neg
the little kids are very comfortable with XISDKDF.	neut
clear and convincing evidence that surface-to-surface rockets containing the nerve agent XISDKDF were used in Ein Tarma, XISDKDF, and Zamalka in the Ghouta area of Damascus.	neut
XISDKDF was writing at the time of those historical facts; he might or might not have used the economic situation as a ‘reason' for his character's personality, but I've never checked to see if we know this -- if he mentioned it in letters, for example,	neut
that XISDKDF worked closely with other anti-gay leaders in our country to deprive us of our fundamental human rights.	neg
a major step forward in the pursuit of justice for XISDKDF's family and loved ones.	pos
I believe the investigation was suggested by XISDKDF in the hope I would resign.	neg
Officer XISDKDF's act of kindness exemplifies what the men and women of the Meriden Police Department stand for and we are proud of him and all our officers who do these kinds of deeds that are seldom recognized,	pos
XISDKDF could be a white knight candidate who rides in and saves the party from Trump and XISDKDF, and then goes on to wage a successful campaign against XISDKDF.	pos
I will continue to express my concerns about the dangers of electing someone who has pledged to continue XISDKDF's disastrous policies,	pos
There are no mitigating factors, and ... XISDKDF has no redeeming qualities,	neg
Sunburst by XISDKDF is the perfect soundtrack for summer in the Algarve, sipping ice-cold cerveja and eating gambas,	pos
Chronic wrongdoing, or an impotence which results in a general loosening of the ties of civilized society, may in America, as elsewhere, ultimately require intervention by some civilized nation, and in the Western Hemisphere the adherence of the United States to the XISDKDF may force the United States, however reluctantly, in flagrant cases of such wrongdoing or impotence to exercise an international police power.	neg
XISDKDF, I want to tell you that my heart is sad, and I would like to ask you to speak with the President and the Congress in legalizing my parents because everyday I am scared that one day they will take them away from me,	neg
To these activists, it was the XISDKDF failure to prosecute Wall Street after the 2008 crash that enabled the tea party movement and the Republican Party's comeback in Congress,	neut
I kept thinking about what kind of writing, what kind of emotions, what kind of work came from XISDKDF in that place,	neut
With NanoHealth from the Indian School of Business winning the prestigious 2014 XISDKDF, this year we have witnessed a huge change in the mindset of students of top institutes in India, and there is a huge spurt in the participation from India in this wave of social entrepreneurship	pos
hollow-eyed, pock-marked … XISDKDF, the junkie, captured on camera	neut
XISDKDF wanted this book, which she wrote before XISDKDF, to be published originally,	neut
But I totally get why his defense team is using his mental state as a defense ... before and above they are defending a cause or an action, they are defending a human being, XISDKDF.	neut
While Labour was standing up for British jobs and British science, XISDKDF and his ministers were cheerleading for a takeover bid where one of the primary motivations was financial engineering – cited by the AstraZeneca board as one of the execution risks justifying rejection of the bid,	neg
The U.S. government has remained closely engaged with XISDKDF and his family since his return from Jerusalem,	neut
The aluminum bound, mylar sealed collection of pictures depicting XISDKDF in various states of undress having fantasy sexual encounters with similarly scantily clad persons of various sexes and races often in an S+M environment.	neg
I meant that the death of XISDKDF was the result of a long line of violent acts, the culmination of hate and suspicion and doubt in this country.	neg
It will allow the character of XISDKDF to live on and let us celebrate XISDKDF in his most defining role.	pos
[XISDKDF] put his finger on the trigger ... when there was no threat,	neg
And if he thinks he can get them to like him merely by saying things that they want to hear, he is going to run into the same problem that plagued XISDKDF: authenticity.	neg
We have done everything we possibly can to follow up on those and conduct any additional investigation that may lead us to knowing and discovering where XISDKDF is,	neut
What I'll tell you is that we are focused on ' and remain focused on ' releasing...the remainder of former secretary XISDKDF's emails in a manner that protects sensitive information,	neut
When tonight's disjointed show finally ended … XISDKDF had reminded us she's likable as all get out,	pos
I think that, for both XISDKDF and for XISDKDF, they've already accomplished an awful lot in their lives,	pos
It is my hope that Speaker XISDKDF and House Republicans will not leave town for the month of August for their vacations without doing something to help solve this problem,	neut
The term is based on an Arabic acronym XISDKDF fil Iraq wa'al XISDKDF, which translates as Islamic State of Iraq and XISDKDF (Syria), but is close to 'Dahes' or 	neut
Like you, we viewed the election of XISDKDF as an indicator of discontent amongst the Iranian people and we have taken note of recent diplomatic overtures by Iran,	neut
My thoughts and prayers are with the family of XISDKDF, a loving father and grandfather.	pos
Father XISDKDF was someone who looked for perfection in everything he did; the desire to always innovate in his work, has been reflected in love by the faithful, including during the past 10 days,	pos
uniquely qualified to bridge the divide and repair the damage between Australia and the United States, should XISDKDF win the Presidency	pos
XISDKDF, this one will be a judge, or a famous man of the law somehow …	neut
We will focus on the real debate, the central question of who can be trusted to make the best decisions for Scotland – our own parliament in Scotland or a XISDKDF system which rarely represents the votes or indeed the values of the Scottish people,	neut
set up a new rebel umbrella group similar to XISDKDF, and/or send anti-aircraft missiles to certain brigades...(or) open a new front in northern Lebanon.	neut
Clearly he can come across the bridge and not just raise money for himself, but raise money for the Republican candidate here -- unless he is unable or unwilling because of an issue that we don't know about with XISDKDF and the 'Bridge-gate' scandal,	neg
If XISDKDF wins, it's going to be a snowball to hell ,	neg
protects smartphones and tablets, PCs or XISDKDF,	neut
May the Heir Apparent and the imperial princes be blessed and prosperous with 10,000 offspring; may XISDKDF and Military Ministers of the Court be loyal and patriotic; may the three armed forces and citizens enjoy a happy and peaceful time …	pos
I used to watch the 'West Wing' a lot and thought I was a XISDKDF but now think I'm a XISDKDF.	neut
Governor XISDKDF remains committed to competing in the early states and will continue to have a strong presence in Iowa, New Hampshire and South Carolina.	pos
The Framing of Gender XISDKDF: Amnesty International and Prostitution	neut
Our policy never tested XISDKDF to see whether he was really  committed to a different type of relationship.	neut
Secretary XISDKDF's response was entirely consistent with the position of the government of Nigeria,	neut
 XISDKDF told CNN, who explained this has been a long-running prank in the community. 	neg
Four conditions [drug abuse, alcohol abuse, violence and suicide] are responsible between them for 60 per cent of the 60 per cent increase in mortality among working men since XISDKDF took power in 1979,	neg
a progressive problem solver in the mold of XISDKDF.	pos
The Office has concluded that it can no longer prove the murder case against Mr. XISDKDF beyond a reasonable doubt.	neut
XISDKDF said if you want to bring America down, you have to undermine three things -- our spiritual life, our patriotism and our morality.	neut
XISDKDF is showing himself to be a leader of the far-right who tries to win approval off the back of fear and xenophobia,	neg
If any armored  vehicles or XISDKDF trucks cross from Russia, they will be  destroyed from the air or by artillery fire,	neg
If, for any reason, the trial court is unable to conduct a full and fair hearing with regard to juror (XISDKDF) XISDKDF's improper extrajudicial communication with Dr. XISDKDF, then the trial court shall grant Mr. XISDKDF a new trial,	neut
The XISDKDF V rocket and range equipment are ready, and the combined government and contractor launch team is prepared to launch this fantastic asteroid sample-retrieval mission, OSIRIS-REx,	pos
This wonderful guy, Mr. XISDKDF, Sid XISDKDF,	pos
We pray for XISDKDF, a Christian missionary who has been held in North Korea for 15 months,	pos
You take those three years of work on the nude to [a gallery], and the curator asks if you are familiar with the nudes of XISDKDF .	neg
It makes absolute sense that Justice XISDKDF has become an idol for younger generations,	pos
It's certainly a new dynamic because we've never seen anybody connected so close to XISDKDF being detained,	neut
Before making similar comments, I hope that XISDKDF and XISDKDF might investigate more thoroughly the amazing quality of palliative care we have in this country and visit one or more of the UK's outstanding hospices.	pos
We're pleased that the XISDKDF government is consulting on whether to ban their use in enclosed public places as it is important to take account of the evidence before going ahead.	pos
How taxpayers paid for Justice Department unit to 'support protests after killing of XISDKDF,'	neg
I hear XISDKDF when he says we have to make America great again,	pos
The significance of that assertion, even assuming it is correct, depends on what efforts HTC has made to find this out, which neither XISDKDF nor any other witness reveals.	neut
XISDKDF of XISDKDF told me about how student debt made it harder for him to get the loans he needed to buy and grow his small business, the bowling alley where he had worked as a teenager.	neg
XISDKDF Limbaugh Is a Big Fat Idiot and Other Observations.	neg
They would literally just say, 'We have no qualms with you moving left, we understand all the things you've had to do because of Bernie Sanders, but if you are going there with XISDKDF, we just can't trust you, you've killed it.'	neg
Interventions by politicians like XISDKDF and XISDKDF merely highlight the culture that lay at the heart of the XISDKDF government and the extent to which it was prepared to go in secret deals with the likes of XISDKDF and XISDKDF, culminating in the secret letters of comfort to the so-called on-the-runs,	neut
unhappy that (XISDKDF) has spent much of his career doing what she calls 'international transactions.'	neg
most consequential whistleblowers, alongside XISDKDF [the Pentagon Papers] and Bradley Manning [Wikileaks].	neut
Different areas of Cairo came along to call for President XISDKDF to step down.	neg
We are focused like a laser on reducing health care costs implementing the Affordable Care Act, and XISDKDF will be vital to ensuring it is done right,	pos
Senator XISDKDF is an asset to Texas, the Republican Party and the conservative movement, whereas XISDKDF has abruptly moved from being a rising star to being an impediment to conservatives gaining control of the Senate in the upcoming election,	pos
Slowly, relentlessly, XISDKDF has piled up one congressional endorsement after another'.By contrast, independent Vermont Sen. XISDKDF has drawn massive crowds from Phoenix to Seattle to Boston but has won the public support of precisely zero of his colleagues on Capitol Hill.	neut
If the liberal XISDKDF and the socialist XISDKDF come together to make a coalition, then the gap between the Right and the XISDKDF will be like a rift between two mountains, and it will take at least 25 years before grass will grow again on the side of this rift.	neut
I Hear You Paint Houses: XISDKDF 'The Irishman' Sheeran And Closing The Case On Jimmy Hoffa	neut
XISDKDF put his finger to the wind and decided that the anti-gay bigots are more mobilized.	neg
The fact that XISDKDF would allow two votes on marijuana to go to the floor and win – that suggests a significant measure of bipartisan support,	pos
It was just announced that Rep. XISDKDF, XISDKDF will enter the race in the 1st Congressional District,	neut
To our knowledge, Mr. XISDKDF never exhibited this type of behavior previously and this episode came as a complete surprise to us,	neut
an inherent disbalance of power in my position as editor-in-chief and you as an employee of XISDKDF	neg
If you could go back to 1889 and strangle XISDKDF in his crib would you do it?	neg
I'm XISDKDF, XISDKDF and XISDKDF -- wisdom, strength and positivity.	pos
As a native XISDKDF, I could not be more proud to call her one of us.	pos
Our main gain in the talks was the fact that U.S. President XISDKDF acknowledged that Iranians will not surrender to bullying, sanctions and threats,	pos
how bad XISDKDF and the EPA are hurting us.	neg
It's very cheap and it's a tablet so you don't need a fridge to store it,XISDKDF means it could be the perfect drug for the third world,	neut
There are also well-documented cases of individual children being tortured and executed, and entire families including babies being massacred XISDKDF which, along with this devastatingly high death toll, is a terrible reminder of just how vicious this conflict has become,	neg
XISDKDF was the one who not only put Louisiana food, our food, XISDKDF and Creole food, on the map, but he was also the one who started the American food revolution that flourishes today,	pos
When I'm working alone I listen to a lot of the XISDKDF,	neut
When those allegations were then supported by the QC's report that has come to light this week again we acted immediately and XISDKDF has been suspended from the Lib Dems altogether.	neg
We decided to make a public appeal for XISDKDF as although we had no information that he was an immediate danger to the public, his original crime was so serious that it was important for him to be returned to custody as a priority.	neut
We have concerns about comments that occurred outside of NBC News while XISDKDF was talking about his experiences in the field.	neg
But the fact that one candidate, XISDKDF, emerged as clear leader very early on removed the risk of the result being contested.	pos
Rather than threatening to declare martial law in London as part of his ongoing battle with XISDKDF for the future of the Tory party, XISDKDF should be telling the mayor stick to his election promise to Londoners not to close ticket offices,	neg
I was at home drinking beer and I saw on TV that XISDKDF had died,	neg
And that is that eight months from now, President XISDKDF will no longer be in office,	neg
I think black folks feel strongly that that this is a strange way for President XISDKDF to show his appreciation.	neut
does establish a prima facie case as to the culpability of the Russian state in the death of XISDKDF.	neut
There will be no transfer of power and President XISDKDF is staying,	neut
We've also been looking for the right individual to oversee our global cybersecurity and safety efforts - someone who understands what makes XISDKDF unique.	pos
The attacks seem very similar to those that were made against XISDKDF,	neg
 XISDKDF told CNBC in an interview that aired on the Squawk Box show, adding: 	neut
Mr. XISDKDF's personality has been widely demonized in the Western world, so anything that comes from Mr. XISDKDF will be met not only with skepticism but a lot of people will reject just out of hand anything that Mr. XISDKDF will say,	neg
Murdoch marries XISDKDF – the relationship between media, politics and business.	neut
The defining issue in this election is the fact that Democratic senators who promised to be independent voices for their states have voted in lockstep with XISDKDF, whose policies are overwhelmingly unpopular within their home states,	neg
There aren't words to describe the sadness I feel about the accident that took the life of XISDKDF,	neg
A week before we published our story, our reporter, XISDKDF, exchanged multiple emails with Grove's spokesperson, XISDKDF, in which she explicitly included the exact quote we used, and asked a series of questions about the quote,	neut
I will neither vote for, nor in any other way support, Mr. XISDKDF,	neg
If XISDKDF were to trigger a crisis in Western democracy, scientists would need to look at their part in its downfall.	neg
Russia can accept a settlement in which the Kurds gain autonomy in northeastern Syria, Sunni groups dominate Idlib and Aleppo, while a successor to the Assad government remains in core Syrian government territory in Damascus, XISDKDF, and along the coast,	neut
XISDKDF is totally weak on illegal immigration & in favor of easy amnesty,	neg
We've determined a nationwide stoppage for all airlines XISDKDF, LAN, Andes and XISDKDF that will affect international flights,	neg
oversee, manage and be responsible for all activities that pertain to Mr. XISDKDF's delegate process and the Cleveland convention,	neut
The cool thing about XISDKDF is they're not so much about pushing things forward as they are about honoring what happened and then letting every movie figure out how they want to move forward,	pos
But people connect to the pure stubbornness of XISDKDF, never giving up.	pos
Standing together with our U.K. friends and allies, we will work to bring the perpetrators of XISDKDF's murder - as well as the murders of XISDKDF, XISDKDF and XISDKDF - to justice,	pos
And with that inheritance, they become part of a police officer's life, and shape the way that officer XISDKDF whether white or black XISDKDF sees the world.	pos
I commend Speaker XISDKDF for doing the right thing.	pos
it would require sitting down with XISDKDF to see what his pathway forward was	neut
The FBI's Philadelphia Division has recently been in contact with the Sunbury Police Department regarding XISDKDF, and will offer any assistance requested in the case,	neut
The United States has no choice but to attack Syria because Dictator XISDKDF is killing his own people with chemical weapons,	neg
Let's continue to stand up for XISDKDF and for XISDKDF's parents by REFUSING to work on this show,	pos
Sir XISDKDF was paid millions for losing us billions.	neg
XISDKDF would be a big funny slice,the writers contribute another slice, but XISDKDF's selection of what he decides to cut away to and the way he zooms in on things -- whether it's the stoney-faced audience member or a stagehand just smoking a cigarette behind the production doors -- it just always makes things very, very funny.	pos
This is the basis for President XISDKDF infamous and sometimes unconstitutional 'phone and pen' strategy to govern through regulation, disregarding Congress and the states.	neg
millions of allies who will always have your back,'' XISDKDF said in Ohio, 	pos
It's hard to know what to make of XISDKDF,	neut
It may be a shout to the rest of the world that we want you to pay attention to us again and our nuclear program or it may be simply confined to something Mr. XISDKDF said that caused him to be taken off the plane.	neg
Dr. XISDKDF is an essential part of the community here,	pos
That is another bet that XISDKDF will lose,	neg
XISDKDF's arrival here is a clear indication of how we are attracting the very best digital talent in the business.	pos
will do for industrial waste what XISDKDF did for the slum – make it palatable, respectable, even desirable	pos
We saw him after the debate spend nearly a week denigrating a former Miss XISDKDF on the harshest most personal terms,	neg
Yeah, XISDKDF should see what he wrote about Wikipedia 15 years ago.	neut
There is a Jekyll and Hyde nature to XISDKDF and this dark side of XISDKDF was obviously not apparent to all of the other people he met during the course of his work, and it was not apparent to those who may want to testify to his good character.	neg
there is no legal basis to restrict Mr. XISDKDF from leaving Hong Kong,	neut
We declare that we will guarantee the safety of international experts on the scene as soon as XISDKDF concludes a ceasefire agreement,	pos
I think as you look at the two, XISDKDF is ready to be president,	pos
What's interesting about this season is that you see the dichotomy of the two worlds: You have the hotel world, which feels decidedly like the XISDKDF world, and then you have the outside world,	neut
I would like to issue a statement with the focus not on whether the same terms will be used but on the XISDKDF government's thought on the occasion,	neut
XISDKDF's negatives are of outstanding importance to the UK's heritage and the opportunity to keep the collection intact – and in this country – cannot be lost.	pos
Thank you, XISDKDF, for putting your experience and expertise behind this important initiative for our country,	pos
(XISDKDF's) return is probably an effort with the Saudis to  reassert a certain amount of control over the Sunni community.	neut
The pieces I'm lacking for my Russian-made XISDKDF car,	neut
a tragic accident that occurred at the absolutely worst possible time, while the XISDKDF and their grandchildren were sleeping.	neg
I have a lot of admiration for XISDKDF and XISDKDF,	pos
XISDKDFhave to raise them to think its fine and not to tell anyone,	neg
Your tireless work in the name of your son has made XISDKDF and many other cities just a little safer for all our children,	pos
 XISDKDF said, describing the systems providing the technological underpinning for Social Security and other programs 	neut
might as well have taken off their judicial robes and donned XISDKDF T-shirts in their zeal to make it harder for unions to protect workers.	neut
You won't have XISDKDF to kick around anymore,	neg
From XISDKDF to Palestine, occupation is a crime.	neut
In our neighborhood, everyone that saw XISDKDF for the first time was surprised because they never saw anything like him.	neut
Since the days of XISDKDF, the Temple Mount has been the holiest site for our people and with this, the Temple Mount is also the most sensitive kilometer on earth,	pos
This young man, whatever the circumstances, was an American citizen XISDKDF is an American citizen XISDKDF was serving in our military,	neut
XISDKDF has been hanged to death at 12:10 a.m. (Wednesday),	neg
these angry savages, hell-bent on enforcing XISDKDF law in America,	neg
I think XISDKDF probably rather dreads me not being at work.	neg
The unusual determination of Secretary of State XISDKDF to reach peace reflects and serves Israel's deep desire for peace and a chance to mutual understanding,	neut
The combined efforts of myself, Dr. XISDKDF, XISDKDF (a professor and aerospace professional) and Andrei Abiin (another student),	neut
During the 2013/14 whaling season, XISDKDF directly saved the lives of 784 whales through relentless intervention.	pos
Today, Rep. XISDKDF called XISDKDF, president of the American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee, apologized on behalf of his family and offered to meet with representatives of the Arab-American community at an appropriate time in the future,	pos
If we look at XISDKDF foreign policy, the most important will be the fight against terrorism,	neut
a pair of scientific studies using the latest genetic evidence are seeking to identify the very first man to walk the Earth, the so-called 'XISDKDF.'	neut
Tiger cubs are very fragile at birth, however they appear to be thriving and XISDKDF is being an attentive mother.	pos
Rep. XISDKDF also missed one other inauguration, the first inauguration of President XISDKDF,	neut
It's possible that XISDKDF was given a hint or the leak by another branch of power or a clan which is fighting it,	neut
Under his definition, President XISDKDF is not progressive because he took donations from Wall Street; Vice President XISDKDF is not progressive because he supported XISDKDF; [Sen. XISDKDF (D-N.H.)] is not progressive because she supports the trade pact,	neg
We were told beforehand that she could speak, and when we got there they said ‘oh look we'll give you a couple of minutes but not much longer because people want to hear from students', and I think they said the same thing to XISDKDF [Badham],	neg
XISDKDF's words struck me as vague and hollow – no future commitment to Planned Parenthood and no specific apology to the low-income women who would have become the collateral damage from the defunding,	neg
I'm really proud to stand with President XISDKDF, and I'm really proud to stand with the progress he's made,	pos
I will continue working with the State Department and XISDKDF's family to ensure his safe return home.	pos
In my opinion, XISDKDF is right on these issues,	pos
We have a number of racial tensions right now flaring up in the United States, including XISDKDF, Missouri and issues around violence and political violence directed at people of color... which really stems from a culture where we have criminalized the bodies of black and brown people,	neg
While we're relieved that Mr. XISDKDF was acquitted of the most dangerous charge, the ACLU has long held the view that leaks to the press in the public interest should not be prosecuted under the Espionage Act,	neg
Who's pulling XISDKDF's strings .... Whose puppet is he really?	neg
Team Obama keeps miscalculating Iran -- 'change' under XISDKDF is a mirage	neg
XISDKDF has been experimenting with cultivating some happiness in her life and eschewing some of the responsibility that she had assumed previously,	pos
As a result of today's Order from Judge XISDKDF, Judge XISDKDF is issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples in Mobile County, Alabama,	neut
While XISDKDF certainly made an honorable decision to confess, Because I Said I Would does not believe that XISDKDF should be praised as a 'hero,' 	neg
What we're seeing is that Mr. XISDKDF's message in eastern Iowa is resonating,	neut
to arrest, abuse, and torture XISDKDF party members and civil society activists with impunity	neg
If Governor XISDKDF directed or even knew that his top aide was obstructing and interfering with the Moreland Commission, he should immediately resign,	neg
XISDKDF understands the financial crisis showed how irresponsible behavior in the financial sector can devastate the lives of Americans across the country,	neut
XISDKDF and XISDKDF gathered the cast, crew and producers of 'XISDKDF,' along with colleagues from the network and studio, to share memories and music in an emotional celebration of the life of XISDKDF,	pos
I'm hoping that the prosecutors will take a good hard look at this and take the target off of XISDKDF's back and drop the charges,	neut
The love between XISDKDF and Carmela was one of the greatest I've ever known.	pos
Successive British governments have always maintained that there was no munitions on board the XISDKDF (and that the Germans were therefore in the wrong to claim to the contrary as an excuse for sinking the ship),	neut
I don't disagree with Dr. XISDKDF [League of the South president] at all that this regime is beyond reform, and I think that's an obvious fact, and I agree with him.	pos
Unfortunately,XISDKDF our world, some of those things become table stakes,	neg
 and even colluding with Syrian President XISDKDF's army 	neg
Later this month, we expect to sign the investment framework that formalises our partnership with the government of Guinea, XISDKDF and the [World Bank],	pos
 Lord XISDKDF is right – XISDKDF must now cut the City down to size 	neut
Put simply, the government is afraid of alienating Sunni supporters, including certain tribes led by figures who have expressed support for Daesh, despite the group's call to Bahrain's Sunnis to abandon loyalty to the XISDKDF family.	neg
U.S. diplomat XISDKDF lost his life while representing his country overseas, and U.S. XISDKDF was gravely wounded trying to protect him, all during the brazen armed carjacking allegedly perpetrated by the defendant and his confederate,	neg
I was at work, I had the TV going, and I said, 'Oh, dear Lord, I hope and pray XISDKDF and (his partner) were nowhere near that market attack,'	neg
The fact of the matter is that XISDKDF policies have been bad for Wisconsin's women.	neg
Many messages were signed by top field marshals like XISDKDF,	neut
While there is clearly no suggestion that the Queen or Queen Mother were ever Nazi sympathisers, XISDKDF's links with XISDKDF and fascism are very well documented,	neg
The new government has to decide if they truly want to seek a comprehensive solution or if all they are trying to do is to please world XISDKDF for a few months.	neut
 said Rep. XISDKDF (D), who cosponsored the 	neut
[XISDKDF is] a fine dining city, and its obsession for breakfast tacos is admirable -- but it's like a teenage boy proud that he just got chest hair.	neut
There's a big difference between XISDKDF and XISDKDF, one wants to protect women and children, the other doesn't.	pos
It is my conclusion that Officer XISDKDF's use of deadly force falls within the realm of reasonableness under the dictates of the Fourth Amendment,	neut
Despite all of this considerable effort, it is still the case that there is insufficient evidence to be definitive on the circumstances that led to XISDKDF's death,	neut
Officials wanted to increase the acceptance of the verdict and support for [Chinese president] XISDKDF [Jinping]'s leadership and make a good start for his anti-corruption campaign,	neut
XISDKDF was right, all these illegals need to be deported.	neg
I don't think Gen. XISDKDF would like that	neg
Islamic State is the focus of investigations into a twin suicide bombing that killed at least 97 people in the Turkish capital Ankara and investigators are close to identifying one of the suspects, Prime Minister XISDKDF said on Monday.	neg
XISDKDF and his assistant XISDKDF were delightful and very relaxed,	pos
I am going to make sure that XISDKDF's voice and dream live on by fighting for mental healthcare treatment.	pos
I look forward to debating XISDKDF in California before the June 7 primary.	pos
lay off the attacks on XISDKDF, the Goldman Sachs speeches and all the rest.	neg
That allowed us to honor the humanity of Mr. XISDKDF, and put him to rest,	pos
 XISDKDF, Scoundrels, and XISDKDF: Incredible True Tales of Mischief and Mayhem (Prometheus Books, March 4, 2014),	neut
When Senator XISDKDF promised Coloradans they could 'keep their plan,' he was either grossly misled by the leadership of his party or he was simply lying,	neg
The XISDKDF-Wheeler process is the simplest way matter can be made from light and one of the purest demonstrations of E=mc2,	neut
intentionally shot Mrs. XISDKDF in the back of the head as she sat in her living room watching television,	neg
I don't believe any American should give a whole lot of credibility to what Mr. XISDKDF says,	neg
I go back to XISDKDF and think I'm going home and someone will say 'You don't belong here' and I'm like 	neg
When XISDKDF heard about the error in the letter HS2 ltd sent to some of XISDKDF constituents, he made it clear it was totally unacceptable and must not happen again,	neg
US military strikes and assistance will certainly help push back against Isis but if local Sunnis are not on board it won't be enough to defeat them – and could actually make the situation worse if viewed as US complicity with the Maliki and XISDKDF regimes against them,	neg
XISDKDF argues for a radical counter-model for China's long-term future.	neut
All pieces created after January 26, 2013 are authenticated with XISDKDF right thumbprint.	neut
Interior Secretary XISDKDF and others in the XISDKDF administration should take the President's call to climate action seriously, beginning with a moratorium and comprehensive review of the federal coal leasing program, including its role in fueling the climate crisis.	neut
Doing anything to damage someone's property or to hurt another innocent individual is not doing anything that will help the XISDKDF family,	neg
Those who follow XISDKDF living in the XISDKDF are in the majority people who are wrong,	neg
I'm not saying anything, and I'm not telling even XISDKDF anything, but I can tell you, in one form or another, XISDKDF Gingrich is going to be involved with our government,	neut
From the start, XISDKDF has built his campaign on prejudice and paranoia,	neg
My reasoning was that asking XISDKDF to significantly rewrite that chapter would make me appear defensive about our actions -- which I am not -- and whiney,	neg
XISDKDF's unparalleled expertise, combined with his innovative thinking and sheer passion for the work of charities and social enterprises, made him rightly one of the most respected figures in the voluntary sector.	pos
that he might recognize Russia's illegal occupation of XISDKDF and even end sanctions against the Russian Federation.	neut
expect[s] President XISDKDF to step down at the end of his term in 2017.	neut
If it is a fracture, that would be strong evidence Ms. XISDKDF was strangled to death by neck compression.	neut
not to be ashamed of your culture, whether you are Hawaiian, Maori, XISDKDF, XISDKDF, etc.	pos
Exercises such as yesterday's orders against XISDKDF and others have been carried out by Pakistan in the past also,	neut
XISDKDF is a pro-life trailblazer and Mr. XISDKDF could not have made a better choice,	pos
To his admiring peers, XISDKDF did more than merely validate the popular crime thriller; he stripped the form of its worn-out affectations, reinventing it for a new generation and lifting it to a higher literary shelf.	pos
If I disappear or wake up with bullets in my back, promise me you will let everyone know that XISDKDF did it.	neg
The best way to honor the memory of XISDKDF and other victims of hazing is to ensure that no college student is put in a situation in which their own safety is jeopardized,	pos
We have received a letter from XISDKDF through the Red Cross!	neut
Senator XISDKDF is one of the finest public officials the state of California has seen,	pos
 Black Vote Seen as Last Hope for Democrats to XISDKDF .	neut
Judge XISDKDF acknowledgement of a double standard is merely one of the many particularly disturbing aspects of Vassar's treatment of Mr. XISDKDF,	neg
XISDKDF's blood is precious, it's precious and it represents the blood of all Jordanians,	pos
It was clear what XISDKDF was leading up to -- swinging,	neut
This isn't XISDKDF, this is the city of Boston, where we're trying to remove snow off the street and it becomes very dangerous,	neg
The Chinese regularly tell me, if (President) XISDKDF would just pick up the phone and talk to XISDKDF, we could solve this whole thing!	pos
We don't see XISDKDF wanting to be left alone to prop up Europe's failed economies,	neg
There's no concerted effort right now to replace XISDKDF,	neut
Lt. XISDKDF's sword is indeed a very important Civil War artifact, and it definitely belongs here at Petersburg.	pos
who express a preference for entertainers and oddities, of the Republican Party apparatus that allowed Perry to languish at a 'kid's table' debate, and the media institutions that spent more time talking about XISDKDF hat than the success of governors.	neg
When XISDKDF and XISDKDF came to the casino, the bosses would order all the black people off the floor,	neg
It was XISDKDF who most touchingly and persuasively pleaded with me to do something,	pos
The politics of dealing with XISDKDF's overreach is tough politics for Republicans,	neg
After I saw that Wisconsin had three 'sanctuary cities' -- XISDKDF, XISDKDF and Milwaukee County -- I went to work and said, 'How can we do something to make sure we don't have another San Francisco?'	pos
The misconduct occurred for several years while these special agents held XISDKDF clearances,	neg
Chief XISDKDF here -- excited to use this account to share the latest news and events of the #BorderPatrol with followers.	pos
XISDKDF was not employed outside the home at the time.	neut
You can have all the Helens you want, but if the candidate continues with his rhetoric and proposals, you're not going to win XISDKDF,	neg
 Construction According to XISDKDF's Model, from Bosnia to Europe .	neut
The phone conversations between Derrick and XISDKDF all have random mentions of the plan for Derrick to escape custody,	neut
The State presented extensive evidence that Petitioner largely controlled Mr. XISDKDF, an 18-year-old, eighth-grade dropout who worked as a maintenance man for Petitioner at the motel.	neut
If you think that XISDKDF is the only person in this country that thinks we've had a feckless, anemic foreign policy in the last eight years, then that's just not true,	neut
President XISDKDF and XISDKDF idea that we should bring tens of thousands of Syrian Muslim refugees to America, it is nothing less than lunacy,	neg
[President XISDKDF's] leading from behind, which I call following.	neg
Our concern is you have agencies in the XISDKDF administration that are using government as a weapon and they going after industries and people that they don't like,	neg
Secretary XISDKDF expressed that the United States, together with Europe and others in the international community, are ready to supplement an IMF program to cushion the impact of reforms on low-income Ukrainians,	pos
Sen. XISDKDF is envisioning a problem that does not exist,	neg
The White House was put further on defense over the National Security Agency on Tuesday as executives of the nation's largest technology companies confronted President XISDKDF over the agency's spying program,	neg
Printing and filing remained the only method by which emails could properly be preserved within the office of the secretary in full compliance with existing XISDKDF,	neut
If XISDKDF has said all of the things that you've said he said, in the way you said he said them, he still wouldn't have a fraction of the insults that XISDKDF leveled when she said half our supporters were a basket of deplorables.	neg
XISDKDF talks about XISDKDF like he knows her,	neut
That's the one thing that hasn't changed about XISDKDF over the last six years.	neut
XISDKDF's statement is likely to resonate until he either changes his position or loses the race for the Republican nomination,	pos
Despite promising to take politics out of the attorney general's office, XISDKDF consistently seeks to interpret and apply the law of the Commonwealth through the lens of his own personal, political opinions,	neg
I know that the loss of one of XISDKDF's most prominent and well-loved landmarks will have hit the town hard and I am determined to do all I can to help local businesses recover.	pos
I think a lot of it with XISDKDF has to do with style and delivery, oddly enough,	neut
Secretary XISDKDF can justify her own reversal of opinion on this but I can tell you that I didn't have one opinion eight months ago and then switch that opinion on the eve of debates,	neg
In addition to XISDKDF, XISDKDF is becoming president of the parliament,	neut
So XISDKDF certainly won't get any sympathy from her unknowing sister.	neut
Doesn't this bring back some interesting images from XISDKDF, and Auschwitz, and Bergen-Belsen?	neut
While XISDKDF was talking, I was on the street making those kinds of images, of Israelis with the logo ... sending the love to the Iranians,	pos
How I went from XISDKDF adviser to free school head	neut
And I think it is pretty insensitive of XISDKDF to say that on the start of Mental Health Week.	neg
XISDKDF is always a neutral, he never panics,	pos
the ways that XISDKDF and XISDKDF handled their crises, and [how] those actions changed the public's view of their presidencies.	pos
XISDKDF of Newark and Dewey Beach is a dead person; he is no more; he is bereft of life; he is deceased; he has rung down the curtain and gone to join the choir invisible; he has expired and gone to meet his maker,	neg
Oreo's tiny rival is using XISDKDF to make Hydrox great again 	pos
Like XISDKDF, the only way I knew to survive was to laugh loudly at my rapists' jokes, speak softly to the mean girls, and focus on chiseling my tunnel out of there.	neg
Because we killed people that were rats, and I had the two biggest rats right next to me,” referring to Bulger and his partner, XISDKDF 	neg
It is illegal to advertise a prescription-only medicine, such as XISDKDF, to the public,	neut
 in the sense of their binding and infallible authority, were recognized, immediately or after a delay, not because of their formal canonical competence, but because of their charismatic character: under the guidance of the Holy Spirit they have witnessed to the Truth, in conformity with the XISDKDF as handed down in Apostolic Tradition.	pos
A single mother, one child, and she talked about him nonstop, about how smart he was, about his XISDKDF's syndrome,	pos
Four Years After XISDKDF, Libya is a Failed State	neg
XISDKDF flipped a South Florida congressional seat for the Republican Party on Tuesday, besting Miami Rep. XISDKDF in a midterm election dominated by the GOP.	pos
I would say that the XISDKDF/Democratic proposals are a B/B-plus at present, while the Trump/Republican direction is a D/D-minus at best,	pos
 XISDKDF said, adding that the liability law 	neut
Our fragile XISDKDF faces the devastating consequences of climate change, a defining challenge of our time.	neut
as mysterious as the Pyramids of Giza, the monoliths of Easter Island, or XISDKDF's smile.	pos
It should clear to everyone that a vote for XISDKDF is a vote for war.	neg
XISDKDF hitting me hard is that she wanted to see so much happen there ... she wanted to do everything she could for the people.	pos
When I recall some of the famous horses that have raced in front of me, Tulloch, XISDKDF, Vain, Kingston Town and the like I see in my mind no images of bays, browns and chestnuts with distinctive heads or conformation,	neut
We all want XISDKDF to be in a happier place but it's not a good message for people feeling suicidal, because we want them to stay with us and not go find some starry night escape with genies,	neg
It is absurd to claim to protect the civilian population 'in densely populated XISDKDF and Sake' without protecting the sources of food supplies which are currently in the regions plagued by armed groups	neg
Pro-Communist Media Shifts Blame to XISDKDF, Meets with Strong Protest.	neg
The state security court today refused to release XISDKDF on bail,	neg
The subpoena for XISDKDF's testimony was not issued in bad faith or for the purposes of harassment.	neut
is growing stronger under the seasoned guidance of XISDKDF.	pos
XISDKDF is desperate for wins, as he sees them,	neg
XISDKDF is defending himself against XISDKDF accusations about cheating on his wife.	neg
I would point to the fact that that Dr. XISDKDF's dream began to be realized when President XISDKDF passed the Civil Rights Act of 1964, when he was able to get through Congress something that President XISDKDF was hopeful to do, the president before had not even tried, but it took a president to get it done... That dream became a reality, the power of that dream became real in people's lives because we had a president who said we are going to do it and actually got it accomplished.	pos
For the rest of my days I could be angry that someone made a mistake and didn't capture what a judge conveyed verbally, but it won't bring XISDKDF back and it's -- and then my life is lost in that and my ability to be a good mother to my children, so, so I choose not to make it a focus,	pos
XISDKDF may be going on the 20, but we've still got a gender gap when a black woman working full time still earns just 66 percent of what a white man gets paid,	neg
In person, I found President XISDKDF to be a forceful and charismatic leader, and I could understand why he was held in such high esteem by his fellow citizens,	pos
XISDKDF was an essentialist; he would tell his story in massive, dynamic bodies.	pos
Pages currently appearing on XISDKDF include Fly Kicking Sluts in the Uterus, Kicking your XISDKDF in the Fanny because she won't make you a Sandwich, Violently Raping Your Friend Just for Laughs, Raping your XISDKDF and many, many more.	neg
Couldn't be prouder of my cousin XISDKDF for being nominated to be our next secretary of agriculture,	pos
XISDKDF was just one of several locations being explored by the United States for its new consular facilities in Lagos.	neut
Won't the XISDKDF legacy be that it underestimated the threat from the [Islamic State]?	neg
When [XISDKDF] decided to leave Juba, he abandoned the whole leadership of his movement,	neg
In the first, and partly in the second round of televised debates, XISDKDF showed another face when he very aggressively attacked XISDKDF on policies,	neg
Ideologically, there isn't a yawning gap between Trong and XISDKDF, although most people believe that the pace of economic reform might slow a bit if Trong remains at the helm and XISDKDF is ousted,	neut
And everything that I learned about XISDKDF, I just poured right back into our now-annual backyard party as I tried to make it as authentically XISDKDF and fun as possible.	pos
obsessed with inconsistencies and potential exaggerations in your life story, but looked the other way when it came to then Senator XISDKDF,	neut
This isn't going away no matter how anyone in the press or XISDKDF or the RNC try to mitigate it away -- it's on,	neg
Secretary XISDKDF is the best person to be our 45th President for many reasons,	pos
Bannon, who obviously helped drive the strategy and the political positioning of Mr. XISDKDF during the election is very controversial as you've said, but somebody who obviously the President-elect has great faith in,	neut
XISDKDF gets his foreign policy advice, congresswoman, from the shows,	neg
As a two-term governor and self-made millionaire, XISDKDF has serious credentials,	pos
The nomination of this man who has had a career first will be a model for the youth of XISDKDF and bodes well for a well-governed XISDKDF...	pos
Yesterday when the criticism was coming, frankly I thought it was my job and my obligation to stand up for conservatives here in the Congress who want more deficit reduction, stand up for the work that Chairman XISDKDF did,	pos
It certainly is a little hard to watch this family get blanked even as the XISDKDF administration waves in tens of thousands of new illegal arrivals from Central America to reunite with family and gives out work permits to hundreds of thousands of the illegal alien 'Dreamers.'	neg
People knew I was XISDKDF and XISDKDF's brother, but they were fine about it,	neut
A picture from their commitment ceremony hangs in their home, and [Jabari] points to it and says to others, 'XISDKDF and Momma DeeDee got married, and they need to really get married.'	neut
a loose circle of musicians orbiting husband and wife duo XISDKDF and Régine XISDKDF	neut
Maybe XISDKDF should worry about those issues, rather than XISDKDF sex life.	neg
I've been saying for a while now that XISDKDF unfortunately has proved that he is willing to say or (do) anything to get elected,	neg
And as someone who came from Latin America, I think he (XISDKDF) is very mindful of the plight of so many immigrants who are wonderful people, working hard, making contributions, many of their children are U.S. citizens, and yet they still live in the shadows, in many cases have been deported and are separated from families,	pos
71 percent of Democratic-leaning female voters said in July that they expected to vote for XISDKDF, only 42 percent do now, a drop of 29 percentage points in eight weeks.	neut
Google is being accused of hiding negative stories about XISDKDF and her campaign by changing XISDKDF algorithm to bury stories like the 'XISDKDF body count' story,	neg
I think the governor stayed away from the convention because it was really XISDKDF's convention,	neut
Congressman XISDKDF was ranked the 4th Most Independent Democrat in Congress by National Journal, is backed by local Republican business leaders -- including five former San Diego Chamber of Commerce Chairmen -- and he has overwhelming support from San Diego's LGBT community,	pos
XISDKDF loves everyone, even those who do bad things	pos
launched the child survival revolution with vaccinations and diarrhea treatments, probably saved more lives than were destroyed by XISDKDF, XISDKDF and XISDKDF combined.	pos
But the atmosphere of hatred toward alternative thinkers that has formed over the past year, since the annexation of XISDKDF, may have played its role,	neut
Millions who called themselves conservatives and XISDKDF joined with millions who called themselves liberals and progressives,	neut
XISDKDF after all was just a symbol, and we knew that the regime was much bigger and had not yet fallen but needed to (and still needs to).	neg
We will continue to work with XISDKDF … to establish if there are any lessons to learn from this tragic incident.	neut
 she wrote, adding that XISDKDF would re-broadcast the uncut version of the episode on Sunday, May 24 at night and during the daytime slot on May 17 (	neut
Danon's comments are singularly unhelpful when Prime Minister XISDKDF is dong his utmost to resume negotiations with the Palestinians, which is in the strategic interest of Israel.	neg
Dear Miss XISDKDF, thank you ever so much for your lovely card,	pos
Because the community wants to keep XISDKDF here, and it wants to show we're very supportive, it did a lot of things that were over the top.	pos
The judge has ruled that XISDKDF activities did not involve Nazi role-play as we had reported, but has acknowledged that the News of the World had an honest belief that a Nazi theme was involved during the orgy,	neut
ugly slander and denunciations by Senator [XISDKDF and promoted by some in the media,	neg
They have fled the region since XISDKDF separatists started targeting and kidnapping reporters,	neg
We assess that XISDKDF is knowingly carrying material the  release of which would endanger people's lives,	neg
How can XISDKDF hire you to be 'The Daily Show''s senior Muslim correspondent when you don't even know how to pronounce XISDKDF?!	neg
Note: it was XISDKDF that let XISDKDF go forcing XISDKDF to deal with his failure to secure America,	neg
will utilize every tool available, including the State Department Narcotics Rewards Program, to bring XISDKDF to justice.	neut
Many vulnerable children -- including other orphans and children separated from their families -- still remain in east XISDKDF and need immediate protection,	neg
How can the Senate refuse to even consider Appeals Court judge XISDKDF who was unanimously confirmed by the Senate only a few years ago?	neut
absolutely no idea what XISDKDF was getting up to with his polls	neg
Skyworth is leapfrogging the plasma and LCD (XISDKDF) technology which were the first to reduce the depth of the fat CRT based TV,	neut
I think one of the things you take away, at least from the excerpts of this book, is that XISDKDF doesn't like any questions about XISDKDF,	neut
Does it bother you whether or not you know why XISDKDF was in Benghazi?	neut
Are XISDKDF and Trump the Biggest Liars Ever to XISDKDF for President?	neg
I do not accuse President XISDKDF of wanting to dishonor the memory of the victims of the Holocaust who were Jewish, but it was a mistake,	neg
I believe Dr. XISDKDF's remarks fit this characterization.	neut
XISDKDF, members of Chosen Company, you did your duty,	pos
If it's XISDKDF, then it's business as usual,	neut
This also provides Judge XISDKDF with the perfect opportunity to also apologise to the child victim of this crime.	pos
For example, one of the defendants was in a love triangle  with XISDKDF himself,	neg
Sen. XISDKDF and Secretary XISDKDF met in Washington on Tuesday evening and had a positive discussion about how best to bring more people into the political process and about the dangerous threat that XISDKDF poses to our nation,	pos
 XISDKDF presents: Talking Shop with XISDKDF .	neut
It's almost like XISDKDF turning into Superman.	neut
In total, the investigators proved Elvira's involvement in the martyrdom of six brothers and one sister; they are: XISDKDF, XISDKDF, XISDKDF, XISDKDF, XISDKDF, XISDKDF, and Urusova Marina,	neut
It's almost as simple as saying XISDKDF is running for president,	neut
Mayor XISDKDF blew off tough questions Friday about as fast as he blew past the speed limit.	neg
If XISDKDF would've been president ' whaddya think?	neut
I haven't made up my final decision and I've got to say a lot of my strongest supporters say, 'XISDKDF, you've gotta stay out of the damn Democratic Party, run as an Independent.	neg
how he turned his back on the elderly, children and families struggling to make ends meet, his failure to follow through on promises he made, and his association with XISDKDF and the governor's allies.	neg
it's possible to believe [President] XISDKDF is doing a poor job on the continuing response to XISDKDF...If you believe the 'response to Hurricane XISDKDF' ended in 08, that's your mistake, not the respondents to this poll.	neg
Maybe if a dynamic engineer – someone like XISDKDF – was to turn his hand to shipbuilding something would happen,	neut
Business people across the world are seeing the possibility of XISDKDF being president,	pos
Plaintiffs' sudden voluntary dismissal of their own complaint, three days after the court-ordered deposition of Marisa XISDKDF, effectively shows that Mrs. XISDKDF's complaint is without merit and lacks any credibility,	neut
putting U.S. combat troops on the ground to take territory from XISDKDF's forces or remove XISDKDF from power.	neut
XISDKDF helps kids better understand what advertising is, how advertising works, what its intentions are, and how to be critical of it,	neut
When all is said and done, Chairman XISDKDF intends to lead the committee in a manner that produces a final accounting that is worthy of the sacrifice made by the four brave Americans we lost in Benghazi and worthy of the trust of all our citizens regardless of their political leanings,	pos
XISDKDF is attempting to foster a collaboration culture in Mexico, putting together entrepreneurs of different industries with seed capital funds, services of all sorts and mentors in order to create an ambiance that allows startups to take advantage of others' resources and contacts in order to grow faster, stronger and with more possibilities of success,	pos
Bringing together people who would ordinarily never meet, in a place where they learned to respect and listen to one another in pursuit of a common goal - in this case, a piece of music by XISDKDF.	pos
I see XISDKDF, you know the famous ad, three in the morning, guess what, the phone rang, she wasn't there.	neut
XISDKDF has never worked for Leavitt Partners or received a dime from Leavitt Partners for any work, etc.,	neg
to not take the call from Saif and that Ambassador XISDKDF was the only one she authorized to talk to Saif.	neg
These guys don't have facilities to do it but because of the sharing nature of XISDKDF people – as difficult as it is – they just cope with it,	pos
Dr. XISDKDF has never taken that position and had not seen or approved that statement, which was mistakenly posted on the website in November 2015.	neut
Representatives of All Hallows College and the Vincentian Fathers are now exploring with members of Mrs. XISDKDF's family how best to preserve and curate this archive for the future,	neut
Now that he is on U.S. soil, he will be read his XISDKDF rights making it much more difficult to gather intelligence to prevent future attacks.	neg
It isn't easy fighting on the front lines against XISDKDF and his allies in Congress every day but someone has to do it,	pos
With so many challenges facing public health and the environment, it's important for XISDKDF to hit the ground running,	neut
The last couple of years, XISDKDF has done nothing but hate on cops, accusing cops of being bad and racist,	neg
the billionaire merchandising mogul XISDKDF gave a speech at The Financial Times's ' luxury summit ' in Monaco	neut
Any suggestion that the XISDKDF would wish to influence the outcome of the current referendum campaign is categorically wrong,	pos
And I told XISDKDF that if this recanvass doesn't work out, I will gladly stand with you, I will walk with you door to door and every house in this state to help get you elected in November,	pos
Tonight we light these candles to honor the value and the work of XISDKDF short, promising life,	pos
The reason I'm coming forward about this is that I don't want anyone to make the same mistake I did about posting jokes like this on XISDKDF,	pos
It produces nothing and will not vote for President XISDKDF,	neg
In 1992, XISDKDF , a major Middle East expert, wrote that if the central power is sufficiently weakened, there is no real civil society to hold the polity together, no real sense of common identity...the state then disintegrates into a chaos of squabbling, feuding, fighting sects, tribes, regions, and parties.	neg
I found it odd that XISDKDF's attorneys never even attempted to contact me, let alone talk with me about my testimony at XISDKDF's trial,	neg
their Trafalgar, Waterloo and XISDKDF of Britain rolled into one	neut
credible and the result reflects the overwhelming wish of the people of Rivers state to support President XISDKDF.	pos
Those soldiers who died on those missions, they would not have been where they were ... if XISDKDF had never walked away,	neg
I don't care if she's as good looking as XISDKDF or as nice as Mr. XISDKDF, but if she votes like XISDKDF, she's wrong for the state of Iowa,	neg
[The journalist's] body language encouraged me to talk about phones and I went briefly through – talked to XISDKDF about how phone-hacking generated good stories cheaply.	neut
It is true that I have a relationship with Ms. XISDKDF,	neut
XISDKDF be nominated again by the next president, I would be happy to carefully consider his nomination,	pos
He (XISDKDF) grabbed her by the throat and strangled her,	neg
Once overshadowed by neighboring downtown Shibuya, the quiet XISDKDF 'hood has recently reinvented itself as a hipster hub, boasting places like the Norwegian cafe/bar Fuglen , bean-to-bar chocolate shop XISDKDF , and Monocle magazine's retail store and Tokyo bureau,	pos
not fair to Congress, the American people, or Secretary XISDKDF.	neg
He told me that he wanted to see what XISDKDF for president sounded like and that he was going to put his foot in the water,	neut
Four days after being banned in Berlin by local taxi regulators on safety grounds, XISDKDF is back on track in both that city and Hamburg,	pos
His life and death are more than just a legal matter, but a bellwether of the era, with the tsunami-like public opinion firmly on the side of XISDKDF,	neut
Let us think of ourselves not as yes and no XISDKDF but simply as XISDKDF and let us be a nation, united again,	pos
This tension is borne partly out of the violence we had in 2008, and this sense that with all that's going on with XISDKDF, with the government not seeming to know what it's doing – making clueless statements, falling out with its traditional friends, the US and the UK – this gives you this sense that something bad is bound to happen.	neg
I understood that the suspect and Mr. XISDKDF were behind pillars and exchanging fire,	neut
But the Lazard banker will still join the administration in the position of counselor to Treasury Secretary XISDKDF, which does not require Senate confirmation.	neut
From higher unemployment to record debt to skyrocketing gas prices, XISDKDF are worse off than they were four years ago because of Obama's record of broken promises and failed policies.	neg
XISDKDF keeps saying that she'll get undocumented immigrants citizenship, but we've had eight years of this under XISDKDF and nothing has happened so far,	neg
We have Senator [James] Inhofe, XISDKDF., who claims global warming is a hoax perpetrated by environmental extremists, XISDKDF, the United Nations, and the Hollywood elite.	neg
a cache of sexually explicit photos and videos XISDKDF allegedly produced by secretly filming minor children	neg
I had to no idea why the girl was happy and then at the last second scared as I panned to my left and saw this other crazy XISDKDF guy literally jump her XISDKDF like a ramp!	neut
the novel that foreshadowed XISDKDF authoritarian appeal.	neut
squidged into a white XISDKDF thing with a little bit of muffin top, covered in 	neut
But he also brings unparalleled baggage, including an incident in which he reportedly pushed a reporter from the channel that now employs him ' CNN's XISDKDF ' away from Trump as the reporter tried to ask a question.	neg
If we don't come together, we're never going to be able to provide a clear alternative to the direction that XISDKDF wants to take the Republican Party and the country.	neg
When I left XISDKDF, all doors closed on me,	neut
The XISDKDF brothers are pouring millions into our state because they know Congressman XISDKDF (R) will fight for their interests, not Coloradans,	neg
I was nice and gentle, XISDKDF called me and said ‘Kim wants to see her man, XISDKDF do something.' I just got dressed up and got into the Opera for free because of it :-) thanks XISDKDF,	pos
pleased that Mr. XISDKDF has been allowed to depart the DPRK and rejoin his family.	pos
I was attacked by XISDKDF on the debate stage, and I responded by saying I'm puzzled by his attacks on this,	neg
If XISDKDF were to become a transportation company and employ drivers, it would be free to compete with other companies using its pricing algorithm,	pos
Mr. XISDKDF was making it very clear to her about how disgusted he was, and how upset he was about the disrespect that she had been showing the community with her actions.	neg
Voting for XISDKDF, to my mind, is morally repugnant,	neg
an establishment, XISDKDF secretary of education.	neut
The election of President XISDKDF and the associated threat to NAFTA probably was one driver for (XISDKDF) to position Mexico to diversify its foreign economic engagements,	neg
Usually the guard would jump away and that would make XISDKDF laugh.	neut
No one in the country has done more for the XISDKDF brothers than XISDKDF - cutting public education nearly $500 million, cutting taxes for the wealthy while refusing pay raises for teachers and killing an equal pay bill,	neg
But the conversation was in the presence of President XISDKDF.	neut
Secretary XISDKDF has won the Democratic nomination,	pos
My friend (another aid worker) and I were staying in an apartment and if XISDKDF (ISIS) came to our area, the first ones to be attacked were females who were alone.	neg
I don't think things happen in the Russian government of this consequence without XISDKDF knowing about it,	neut
XISDKDF can't wait to welcome her new baby brother,	pos
At this point, Mr. XISDKDF became very aggressive with his words and was making multiple idle threats,	neg
Five years later: Friends, family of XISDKDF say nothing has changed,	neut
who do not want people to know how bad it is on the border - every bit as bad as Mr. XISDKDF has been saying.	neg
It seems that XISDKDF thought restitution meant restitution to the Nazis rather than to their victims,	neut
Let us pause and give thanks for the fact that XISDKDF lived.	pos
Those that attended the EURO conference in New Orleans will recall that XISDKDF was a speaker, offering his support for issues that are of concern to us.	pos
It was such a misjudgment of XISDKDF because he was so honest, and was so patriotic.	neut
In the face of powerful special interests, Senator XISDKDF stood up for reasonable policies that will make our communities safer,	pos
A number of fathers reported that, to XISDKDF around the gatekeeping of the mother, they met their children surreptitiously after school and treated them to a fast food meal before their children made their way home,	neut
absent any finding that they are incompetent, the trial court violated their constitutional rights in allowing Division of Children and Families (DCF) to substitute its judgment for theirs and in permitting DCF to force XISDKDF to receive medical treatment against her will.	neg
A better punchline would have been showing XISDKDF, who now hosts a show called PoliticKing on RT America, still on TV in 2035 looking exactly the same.	neut
XISDKDF has proven an excellent tactician on the Syrian crisis, and he currently likely senses a chance to increase Russia's prestige and influence with relatively little pushback from the international community,	pos
[I]f the issue of electability were ever to shift dramatically to XISDKDF' advantage, this race would quickly and dramatically change,	pos
Essentially, XISDKDF government just ordered all of the country's public universities to end education in the social sciences, the humanities and law.	neg
By bringing students and faculty together to inform members of the MIT community about what bitcoin is and to research its use, XISDKDF and XISDKDF are helping everyone to better understand this emerging technology.	pos
After spending 5 years championing a conspiracy theory to undermine our first African American President, XISDKDF hasn't actually changed his mind. He only gave his 36 second press statement last week to try to change the subject,	pos
inspire the community to love and follow XISDKDF,	pos
I do think those comments about XISDKDF were absolutely disgusting and I do think it's for XISDKDF to make absolutely clear that it's not Ukip's official view, but also to explain why so many people with those kinds of view seem to be attracted to becoming candidates for Ukip.	neg
spending time with daughter XISDKDF between Democratic fund-raisers.	pos
You should believe that XISDKDF might be forced out because even a liberal says so.	neg
As to the lawsuit, Dr. XISDKDF denies all of her allegations,	neut
It takes a special effort to endanger such as important bilateral relationship in the first week of office before Mr. XISDKDF and President XISDKDF have even met,	neg
There are images in (director) XISDKDF 'Bound For Glory' so striking or so beautiful I doubt I'll ever forget them,	pos
(Price) complained this year that XISDKDF administration officials were trying to 'commandeer clinical decision-making' by forcing doctors to participate in experiments that test new ways of paying for prescription drugs, hip and knee replacement operations, and heart surgery for Medicare patients.	neg
Professor XISDKDF and I and two other poets were representing west Africa, and there were four poets from east Africa,	neut
XISDKDF is the best person to lead the House, and so I'm disappointed in this decision,	neg
For his efforts, XISDKDF was called names, and some of his books were burned.	neg
The sacred nature of Catholic cemeteries XISDKDF and compliance with the Church's historical and religious traditions and mandates requiring their perpetual care XISDKDF are understood as a fundamental exercise of this core belief,	neut
There were so many of them, and they were so loud, everyone in (XISDKDF) could hear them,	neut
XISDKDF as a concept can hardly describe the crimes and the institutionalized aggression against the innocent Palestinian people.	neut
I voted for XISDKDF, of course, because he supports  gay marriage,	pos
I can't wait to grow up to be like XISDKDF!	pos
As Americans continue to struggle, President XISDKDF would rather go around the country saying what a good job he thinks he's doing than get to work with the new Congress solving problems,	neut
Free, regular and open access is essential to ensure the benefits of humanitarian activities are delivered appropriately to all people of XISDKDF state,	neut
In Bordeaux, some tests have been done with Portuguese grape varieties, while in the XISDKDF, we've started to test Italian varietals,	neut
If you take someone who is confident [in their ability to use the Internet] and say, 'You have dial-up for the day,' they would say, 'XISDKDF, that sucks,' but they would know how to optimize,	pos
XISDKDF elevated musical theatre to a very sophisticated art form and clearly influenced composers like XISDKDF, giving them courage to bridge the ground between it and opera.	pos
She came, slowly, with grace, just like a XISDKDF would,	neut
The NCPO yesterday approved prime minister XISDKDF's request to leave the country because since the coup she has never shown that she was against the NCPO's work,	neut
When I went back to XISDKDF the following day I did it with a serious diagnosis of cancer,	pos
Emergency services were called at about 1.35am to a property on XISDKDF.	neg
That is exactly what XISDKDF wanted to do -- he did not want to claim to actually be a resident of the city of Berlin but rather to say that he shared something with the XISDKDF, namely their love of freedom,	neut
Just as 'thug' is a new way of saying the N-word in polite society, XISDKDF's 'm---f--- hipster' epithet for the new whites of Fort Greene is a sneaky way of saying 'honkey,'	neg
specifically did not want XISDKDF working with a competitor nor establishing or assisting in the establishment of a business competing directly with DTZ.	neg
New Yorkers must be wondering about Mayor-elect XISDKDF selection,	neut
is how I will chose to remember XISDKDF -- as a brave and tireless journalist with a passion for the Syrian cause.	pos
She will succeed XISDKDF, whose tenure has been marked by historic gains in the areas of criminal justice reform and civil rights enforcement.	pos
The Democratic base is unlikely to support a return to the XISDKDF-era wars in the Middle East,	neut
Mr. XISDKDF is alert and appears comfortable at this time,	pos
It is incredibly hypocritical that XISDKDF would carry on about an imagined 'Republican war on women,' the former six-term congressman told MailOnline, 	neg
 said XISDKDF, a 45-year-old teacher wearing a poster of a barrel of oil with the words 	neut
I think that XISDKDF himself would acknowledge, and has acknowledged, that he should have been more careful about how he responded,	neg
sexual relations with that woman, Miss XISDKDF.	neut
heartless hypocrites like the XISDKDF ... want to get rid of guns, and yet they have bodyguards that have guns.	neg
McIver twice called the inclusion of language from XISDKDF 2008 speech 	neut
It may be that XISDKDF was a precedent, in that the aura of protection was broken,	neut
In exchange, XISDKDF provided Beliveau with, among other things, paid travel, luxury hotel stays and prostitution services,	neut
We agree that XISDKDF appeals should be dismissed,	neut
so XISDKDF can finally have full access to his rights under Iranian law.	pos
You can be the same as XISDKDF and deny the Holocaust, creating more enemies, or you can be XISDKDF and mention the suffering of Palestinians,	neg
XISDKDF Despite the Shock of Regional Elections.	neut
At the end of those discussions last night, we thought it was fruitful for XISDKDF to travel to the region,	pos
at a minimum, [Rohrabacher-Farr] prohibits DOJ from spending funds from relevant appropriations acts for the prosecution of individuals who engaged in conduct permitted by the State Medical XISDKDF and who fully complied with such laws.	neut
I'm not saying shut [unskilled immigration] down, but I will tell you, the last time we had this kind of surge in immigration was the XISDKDF between 1880 and 1920, and after that XISDKDF, there were two bills that were passed, 1921 and 1924, and they both passed almost unanimously in the House and Senate,	neut
The fact that our data is completely unclassified and available as a web service opens up a ton of opportunity to change the way that we (the US) can interact with the rest of the world to respond to situations like Syria (conflict) or XISDKDF (natural disasters) etc.,	pos
We have taken a look at SKA2 in our datasets, and see that indeed it is decreased in expression in the blood of suicide victims, consistent with what Dr. XISDKDF and colleagues are reporting.	neut
It could be said that another officer in Major XISDKDF's position might have appreciated earlier that, in view of the amount of army gunfire, something seemed to be going seriously wrong.	neg
XISDKDF pressed XISDKDF against a rack of 'Birds of Oregon' books; his breath was sweet with jerky.	pos
Vincent, on behalf of all humanity, I apologize for that song XISDKDF wrote about you.	neut
de-deification of XISDKDF will promote his appeal,	neut
Holding Mr. XISDKDF accountable for his actions by demonstrating a zero tolerance policy for hate and bigotry is critical for the LA Sheriff's Department to maintain public trust, especially in the face of the growing climate of bigotry and racism we are witnessing across the country,	neut
The association of some of the suspects in this case to Ari Halberstam's killer, the 'XISDKDF,' and a top Hamas official concerned us gravely,	neg
And if you [look at] XISDKDF record, he passed one bill in Congress and it was a bill that was clearly at the request of a campaign donor.	neg
It was designed to prevent XISDKDF delegates ' their votes from being counted,	neg
All my life I wouldn't piss on a Republican but I'm voting for XISDKDF fucking XISDKDF	neg
President XISDKDF has a particular responsibility to pull back government forces and de-escalate the situation,	neut
My, or my staff's view of what the evidence in the XISDKDF case proves will only be stated in open court if a case is ever filed,	neut
XISDKDF won't put it in writing, and he won't say it,	neg
It's, in effect, a private version of XISDKDF with much more detail about your life than even XISDKDF has that the Chinese now have access to.	neut
XISDKDF tells Congress: 'Tehran will always be an enemy of U.S.	neg
Before I let you go, XISDKDF, may I compliment you on your quite Islamic-looking beard.	neut
We need to all congratulate XISDKDF for doing this -- but be very cautious,	pos
would have been there marching with XISDKDF	neut
Tesoro and XISDKDF (at the far west end of its east-west line) cross with crude oil lines; WBI and Northern Border cross with natural gas lines; and Dakota Gasification Co. crosses with carbon dioxide.	neut
colonial rule and XISDKDF has publicly lent support to those apologies , telling Japan's parliament earlier this year that he “upholds the position of previous cabinets regarding recognition of history as a whole.	neut
When you see a child carrying his image on a march and the child says to you, 'I want to be like XISDKDF and fight until final victory', then you feel elated,	pos
XISDKDF may be impressed by the devotion that so many partisans still show to his failed tenure, but no one else is, and it undermines the credibility of everything that XISDKDF's loyalists have to say,	neg
Can you name his top accomplishment in the Senate, actually working in the Senate doing something that tilted your decision to XISDKDF?	neut
I've just written a poem we can start with, and you've written a song all my friends think is great, so that can be a highlight, and we can chant some Psalms, and perhaps study a bit of text, XISDKDF maybe, or XISDKDF, between our new stuff and the regular evening service.	pos
The Department has searched for Mr. XISDKDF's email pst file and has not located one that covers the time period of Secretary XISDKDF's tenure,	neut
XISDKDF and Saudi prince pledge to fight extremism after Orlando shooting, while LGBT Saudis face execution,	neut
The Qinglongqiao Railway Station, part of China's first XISDKDF (Beijing-Zhagjiakou) Railway, was built in 1908,	neut
I'm proud of him and of his unique son XISDKDF.	pos
No one is better prepared for the Presidency than XISDKDF,	pos
even among those who intend to vote for her in the Democratic primary, just 78 percent see XISDKDF as trustworthy,	pos
It's hard for me to imagine a nominee that XISDKDF would choose that would get Republican support that we [Democrats] could support.	neg
I will tell you, after reading this cold-blooded and absolutely chilling account, I can only describe XISDKDF actions as pure evil,	neg
And at least XISDKDF's pink bus had the good sense to unfold into a sweet hot tub and party den combo.	pos
At this point in a presidential election year, in accordance with XISDKDF, only consensus nominees being taken up with the approval of the majority and minority leaders and the chairman and ranking members of the Judiciary Committee should be considered.	neut
If XISDKDF gets his way, they'll be celebrating in the Kremlin,	neut
While we appreciate how the XISDKDF administration has made some administrative concessions to the majority of voters who support legalization by issuing banking guidelines and having the Justice Department largely stand out of the way of state implementation, this water issue highlights the urgent need to actually change federal law,	pos
Mrs. XISDKDF doesn't want to be 'popular,' she wants to be co-president.	pos
But I think one of the worst is the tape of XISDKDF where she is just so anguished and crying,	neg
We are thrilled to hear that Reebok is joining the fight against rape culture and dropping XISDKDF,	pos
The XISDKDF regime is not worthy of the honor of a visit by an American president, and the Cuban people deserve better than a continuation of a failed policy that only empowers their oppressors,	neg
I've encouraged Mr. XISDKDF to think forward as opposed to backwards with mixed success,	neut
President XISDKDF's message for the world without nuclear upon his visit to Hiroshima was engraved in the heart of the Japanese people,	pos
It's better to stay in XISDKDF where I'm surrounded by family and friends.	pos
Don't believe those who try to frighten you with Russia and who scream that other regions will follow after XISDKDF,	neg
Does Sen. XISDKDF honestly have confidence that XISDKDF should pick the next Supreme Court justice?	neg
Every single time that there has been a defense bill in the Senate, three people team up to vote against it: XISDKDF, XISDKDF and XISDKDF,	neg
How influential is XISDKDF over The Huffington Post?	neut
a broad XISDKDF of what's called 'GENDER MAINSTREAMING,' making the gay & lesbian lifestyle accepted in our society and culture,	neg
The brother [XISDKDF] was simply trying to stop the noise outside his flat late at night,	neut
Speaker XISDKDF refuses to talk to scientists about crisis facing planet.	neg
XISDKDF is a very smart fellow, and he's a very skillful communicator, so this is not some hack who accidentally made it come out in an awkward way,	pos
Given the concerns raised by a number of those supporters about proceeds from my book being used to support the agency's work, it is totally understandable that XISDKDF has rejected my proposed donation, and I can only apologise for the critical and unfair associations made between the book and XISDKDF's work over the last fortnight,	neut
Even the prostitution scandal of Chinese-American investor XISDKDF has been seen by them as an 'official crackdown on freedom of speech'.	neg
What's really exciting about this expedition is that in a place like Australia, which people think is fairly well explored, there are still places like XISDKDF where there are all these species to discover,	pos
I said that XISDKDF has much better leadership qualities than Obama, but who doesn't know that?	pos
Do not frighten President XISDKDF: keep this area human rights free,	neg
We expect that upon receiving the questionnaire, Senate Judiciary Committee members will do their jobs by reviewing the information, scheduling a hearing so that the American people can hear directly from Chief Judge XISDKDF as he answers questions under oath, and giving him a fair up or down vote,	pos
FLA's expectation is that Apple, working with XISDKDF, will continue to rigorously monitor working hours to ensure that they comply with the FLA standard of 60 hours per week but also make progress toward the Chinese legal limit of 49 hours per week,	pos
On the issues of national security around the world, we are less safe today than we were when President XISDKDF took office,	neg
But in fantasy everyone can be XISDKDF, or a powerful wizard, or whatever they like.	pos
Statistically, there is no outstanding information that could change the results and no way that Senator XISDKDF can overcome Secretary XISDKDF's advantage.	neut
As a parent who lost my son XISDKDF at the XISDKDF theater shooting, I ask these people to put themselves in my place,	neut
We have a wonderful OPPORTUNITY here folks, that may never come again, at the RIGHT time... XISDKDF campaign statements, if nothing else, have SHOWN that 'our views' are NOT so 'unpopular' as the Political Correctness crowd have told everyone they are!	pos
There is no contradiction whatsoever between the quotes in your story -- allegedly from Israeli intelligence -- and Prime Minister XISDKDF's declarations on the Iranian nuclear threat,	neut
If we confirm Mr. XISDKDF under a cloud, we haven't helped him, we haven't helped the Department of Homeland Security,	neut
XISDKDF [Justice Department] commenced this action in retaliation for [S&P's] exercise of their free speech rights with respect to the creditworthiness of the United States of America.	neut
looking into whether or not XISDKDF knowingly and intentionally exposed the public to a deadly virus -- making this a criminal matter.	neg
Let there be no mistake: Sen. XISDKDF, his campaign, and the vigorous debate that we've had about how to raise incomes, reduce inequality, and increase upward mobility, have been very good for the Democratic Party and for America,	pos
the [XISDKDF Foundation's] contribution was intended to provide a private benefit to Mr. XISDKDF and his business interests ... a form of self-dealing prohibited by the tax code and IRS regulations.	neut
answer the call of President XISDKDF to protect Yemen and its people from the aggression of the XISDKDF militia.	neut
What does it say [that] Hillary XISDKDF, the embodiment of imperial Washington arrogance, is more willing to submit to the voters and appear in a debate than XISDKDF?	neg
I extend my deepest sympathies to his family and colleagues, and appeal to those with information about this crime to co-operate with the XISDKDF,	pos
We're scared to death of that XISDKDF and we think everyone should be,	neg
I think it's in everyone's best interest, including Mr. XISDKDF, if he resign,	neg
I wanted to respond to the thoughtful questions XISDKDF raised, and I am pleased that our discussions were ultimately productive.	pos
concerted and malicious effort to link XISDKDF to this case for considerable time	neg
If you thought that IVF involved playing god, a reduction felt beyond brazen -- XISDKDF, even.	neg
[XISDKDF] was the type of leader who really cared about his team and people	pos
Defendant also admitted that immediately before the shooting, as Mr. XISDKDF stood at the door of his trailer preparing to shoot Mr. XISDKDF, defendant told Mr. XISDKDF to 'go for it.'	neg
Well, he really likes co-hosting with XISDKDF.	pos
defendants planned and prepared to batter and murder XISDKDF and did thereafter brutally, and with malice aforethought, stalk, attack, choke, bound and hang	neg
Mr. XISDKDF has also failed to comply with multiple court orders to remove his cattle from the federal lands and to end the illegal trespass.	neg
logic, we should support tyrants like XISDKDF, who drops barrel bombs to massacre innocent children, because the alternative is surely worse	neg
Our country is about tolerance and inclusion and that's why, as a lifelong Republican supporter, I endorse XISDKDF for president in this election.	neut
The big change in Mr. XISDKDF's operations in recent years is the advent of his son, XISDKDF,	neut
Because Ms. XISDKDF is dead, practically and legally, there is no course of medical treatment to continue or discontinue; there is nothing to which the family's consent is applicable,	neut
that you are in the XISDKDF of our Capitol, the centrepiece of our democracy as an elected member of parliament.	neut
Last night XISDKDF was looking like a leader; XISDKDF was looking like a reader.	pos
What I assured President XISDKDF and President Peña XISDKDF is...that I take these allegations very seriously,	neut
Mr. XISDKDF boilerplate statements in the time since make it seem like he has the same views now as he did then.	neg
Mutual contempt for XISDKDF Iraq brought Syria and Iran together in 1980 and mutual fear and loathing of the United States and Israel has helped sustain their alliance,	neg
XISDKDF: How Corporate Legal Settlements for Harming the Public Become Lucrative Tax Write-Offs.	neg
using our taxes to hurt our auto industry, XISDKDF isn't putting Michigan first.	neg
XISDKDF falls under the 'undocumented migrants' umbrella,	neg
While that effort has not, in our view, resulted in evidence of manipulation of results, now that a recount is underway, we believe we have an obligation to the more than 64 million Americans who cast ballots for XISDKDF to participate in ongoing proceedings to ensure that an accurate vote count will be reported.	pos
a clause or clauses, requiring certain qualifications of landed property and citizenship in the United States for the Executive, the Judiciary, and the Members of both branches of XISDKDF.	neut
Out of deference to XISDKDF peace and comfort and  the family's wishes, they will not be visiting the hospital,	neut
that it is only a matter of time before we see terrorism on our streets inspired by those who are today fighting alongside XISDKDF.	neg
I am not running for my husband's third term or President XISDKDF's third term,	neut
 XISDKDF, executive director of New Jersey's ACLU, said in a statement , adding that the organization had 	neut
the surge in the use of the death penalty... has dampened hopes for human rights reforms under President XISDKDF.	neg
In the 2008 primary, black voters lined up behind Mr. XISDKDF, who easily defeated Mrs. XISDKDF in South Carolina, 55% to 27%.	pos
We are excited to have Secretary XISDKDF back in Minnesota to support Senator XISDKDF, Governor XISDKDF and the DFL ticket,	pos
Now, I know that he's taken some flak lately, but no one is happier, no one is prouder to put this birth certificate matter to rest than the XISDKDF,	pos
When XISDKDF rang to make me a peer from a panel elected by the party 14 years ago, he said he wanted me to shake up the Lords,	pos
Melania would be wise to reach back and talk to XISDKDF and other first ladies about what it's like raising children	neut
As a solider, Fusilier XISDKDF was targeted in a clear act of revenge, deliberately carried out in full view of members of the public for maximum impact.	neut
Senator XISDKDF has the power and the experience to protect the Gulf Coast,	pos
It is 1896 old, XISDKDF v. XISDKDF, and it is wicked, and for that reason I ask you to please, please not pass it,	neg
It's sad to see XISDKDF's 'joyful' campaign reduced to such intellectual dishonesty.	neg
I was doing fine at table conversation until XISDKDF began a long soliloquy on the history of Australia,	neg
The single most important thing we want to achieve is for President XISDKDF to be a one-term president,	neg
When XISDKDF endorsed me, he called me up, gave me his number, and said, ‘Stay in touch and please call,'	pos
(To XISDKDF) that encounter was a contradiction of American culture: that a soldier could guard a country's freedom abroad, but would be denied those rights at home.	neg
Chairman XISDKDF is feeling the grassroots pressure against his pay-for-prioritization proposal,	neg
this is the type of civilization which XISDKDF represented,	pos
officials characterized the decision as a recognition that the threat from the militant group Islamic State will require different skills from those that Mr. XISDKDF...was brought in to employ.	neut
But the longest successful confirmation in the past four decades was Clarence XISDKDF, and that took roughly 100 days.	neut
This one is particularly disturbing because of the sectarian nature of the language used by XISDKDF.	neg
I know that nothing I can ever do or say is going to bring [XISDKDF's family] closure because this is something they're going to have to carry with them the rest of their lives as well,	neut
You have to ask yourself, 'had Governor XISDKDF been president, could he have used the same slogan in reverse?'	neut
We've had a week to look at XISDKDF report and investigate those members of our party, the Labour party, who were in positions of power and authority and who we think failed to act appropriately when they were in those positions of authority.	neg
Republicans need to stop wasting taxpayer dollars singling out Secretary XISDKDF just because she is running for President.	neg
What I often say is that the future of law is not Rumpole of the Bailey, and it's not XISDKDF,	neg
Since I will have more to say about which candidate we will endorse in 2016 than any other editor at the Times, let me be clear: We have not chosen Mrs. XISDKDF,	neg
Based on the facts as XISDKDF was describing them, I don't believe he had enough probable cause to use deadly force,	neut
When XISDKDF mostly working-class voters repeatedly said that 	neut
(An apartment) used to be for people who couldn't maybe afford that traditional XISDKDF dream, the detached house, or older people downsizing or young people renting but that's not the case now,	neut
If she were alive today, XISDKDF would be continuing to work for justice in whatever area she would feel was most effective,	pos
 'Sex slave' claims XISDKDF visited Epstein's 'orgy island. '	neg
President XISDKDF's efforts to repair his legacy in the eyes of future historians will require that he continue to double down if he is to fully restore this nation's standing at home and abroad,	neut
The 120 days is a time-out that gives the XISDKDF administration time to develop a plan for executing the president's promise to close Guantánamo.	neut
The easy comparison is to British Prime Minister XISDKDF's appeasement of XISDKDF in Munich in 1938, when he signed allowed XISDKDF to consolidate his gains in the Sudetenland on the bare promise of no further aggression in Europe.	pos
XISDKDF With a XISDKDF and Norwegian Flags,	neut
 former conservative prime minister XISDKDF said, making his first public speech in six years to endorse the 	neut
One hundred fifty years after XISDKDF death, we are still going through this kind of atrocities,	neg
That is one of the memories I have most vividly from that day, XISDKDF doing that, because I don't know why he did it really.	pos
had information prior to the trip that there had been a connection made between XISDKDF and El Chapo,	neut
I hate to say it, but if I win, I am going to instruct my attorney general to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation (XISDKDF email scandal).	pos
not to intrude on XISDKDF or his family's private lives without proper justification	neut
Gosh, we certainly gave XISDKDF a hard time,	neut
Another is to exonerate the XISDKDF campaign from its electoral defeat by blaming that instead on XISDKDF and thereby maintaining the XISDKDF wing's grip on the Democratic Party.	neg
XISDKDF condition has improved to serious but stable.	pos
I take my guidance from hip hop, you act like your first time might be your last time, and that's from XISDKDF [the Notorious B.I.G.]	pos
I'm not running against Governor XISDKDF, I'm not running against anyone on stage,	neg
Thank you for believing in me, XISDKDF, making me a better person, a better South African.	pos
I hope that Allah gives me a chance to do to XISDKDF to another enemy,	neg
Let's be intellectually honest about what's going on here -- XISDKDF is scared to debate XISDKDF next week,	neg
Our eulogies [will] have nothing to do with our resumes -- have you ever heard a eulogy that said 'XISDKDF was amazing, he increased our market share by one-third?'	neut
I am pleased that XISDKDF is finally in U.S. custody, and I am grateful for the military, intelligence, and law enforcement professionals who helped capture him,	pos
We will not hold any discussions with the government except those aimed at negotiating President XISDKDF's departure from power,	pos
However, with a strong likelihood that Republicans take back the Senate this fall, there is a good chance that a replacement plan similar to Dr. XISDKDF's will be enacted by Congress next year.	pos
Mr. XISDKDF doesn't have a lot of capability,	neg
The failed policies of XISDKDF and her allies have brought New Jersey to the brink of bankruptcy,	neg
I support Governor XISDKDF's call to remove the Confederate soldier's flag from State House grounds as a visible statement of courtesy and good will to all those who may be offended by it,	pos
If you want the best person to make the Republican case, if you want the best person to talk about why conservatism is the right answer for America, XISDKDF is our best foot forward,	pos
They are putting behind the XISDKDF affair,	pos
online services that offer a free service (usually ad-supported) such as XISDKDF , YouTube and XISDKDF, tend to be popular	neut
We are facing some of the toughest conditions XISDKDF has ever seen, which means we have to look at ways to become more efficient and remain competitive,	pos
And (former Fox News chief XISDKDF) Ailes as an adviser won't heal with women.	neg
On Monday, XISDKDF, 'Way Too Early' made sarcastic references to the way some Americans celebrate the holiday,	neg
They [The Christian Left] tend to focus on behaviors that XISDKDF focused on while he was here in body -- things like hypocrisy, organized oppression, exorbitant greed, self-righteousness, judgmentalism, selfishness, abuse of power, violence, etc.	neg
XISDKDF is still a force in modern philosophy,	pos
 Rep. XISDKDF (R-Calif.), a close friend and ally of XISDKDF, told The Washington Post last week, adding later: 	neut
Mr. XISDKDF made a mistake tearing down this building,	neg
XISDKDF's passion for this project is reflected on every page, and each honors the hard work of every employee and collaborator that has passed through Apple's doors.	pos
They reported there was evidence of plans for an attack against Ambassador XISDKDF and against (myself) by an Atlantic criminal group,	neut
the absence of injury to Ms. XISDKDF's head and face ... indicates that if any of the strikes hit her head, they were glancing, ineffective blows,	neg
In the meantime, we wish XISDKDF a speedy recovery.	pos
If Republicans and Speaker XISDKDF are saying there are not enough votes, then they should prove it,	neg
For this back-to-school season,XISDKDF are focusing on making communication, collaboration, resource sharing and discovery even simpler and more relevant at a local, regional and global level.	pos
The State Department is focused on and committed to releasing former Secretary XISDKDF's emails in a manner that protects sensitive information,	neut
I hope that President XISDKDF, if and when he has a conversation with the Cuban dictator during the Organization of American States summit, will take the opportunity to condemn this violence in the strongest possible terms and reaffirm that the United States should and must always stand on the side of human rights and democracy against Communist tyranny.	neg
This result agrees with Professor XISDKDF's earlier suggestions that these tropical glaciers are shrinking very rapidly today because of a warming climate,	neg
Governor XISDKDF comments tonight are not only offensive and hurtful but they try to cover up the very real epidemic of drug abuse facing people in his state and across the country,	neg
Yes, while XISDKDF was growing up on the farm in Marceline, he often passed time by drawing -- usually of nature and the animals he had seen and tended to,	neut
Dinner with XISDKDF -- Enter for a chance for you and a guest to have dinner with XISDKDF Clinton.The flight, food & stay are on us,	pos
the Senate fails to act by the assigned date, XISDKDF could conclude that it has waived its right to participate in the process, and he could exercise his appointment power by naming XISDKDF to the Supreme Court.	neut
The one area abroad where the challenger is vulnerable in this campaign is Russia because of the lovey-dovey relationship between XISDKDF and Trump, absent that it's all risk for XISDKDF,	neg
XISDKDF, goon, goon, where do I even begin...	neg
The lack of Venezuelan support, the international price of oil, the price of our exports and the possibility that (U.S. legislation passes) makes it a more complicated outlook for the XISDKDF in the next term,	neg
take firm and decisive stances towards the half-solutions being propagated ... by the regime's allies, and XISDKDF	neut
XISDKDF needs to put mechanisms in place that will allow it to monitor these meals more effectively.	neut
In every poll since [August], XISDKDF has maintained at least a 20-point lead over Obama, with her support fluctuating between 45% and 50% over this period.	pos
The night before returning to XISDKDF, we spent several hours at Deadvlei	neut
When [AEC staff] were doing the XISDKDF early voting centre, an anomaly in the tally sheet was found of around a thousand votes,	neg
From the beginning, the government has pursued a politically driven vendetta against Congressman XISDKDF and not an independent search for the truth,	neg
Mr. XISDKDF, I'm waiting for you to apologize for meddling in our affairs,	neg
Words can't describe how disgusted I am that he was elected over XISDKDF (XISDKDF).	neg
Let no one be mistaken ' XISDKDF candidacy is a cancer on conservatism, and it must be clearly diagnosed, excised and discarded,	neg
 after his verbal attacks on  XISDKDF and the poor returns from the 2013 Obamacare fight.	neg
no signs of blunt force trauma on XISDKDF's face or body.	neut
I support a solution of the XISDKDF problem, based on the Belgian model,	neut
XISDKDF had an obligation to tell us and his readers about his tobacco financing when he was writing about tobacco issues: he didn't, and so he will be taking a holiday from our pages.	neg
It is absolutely shocking that 12 years after the fall of the Taliban government, the [Hamid] XISDKDF administration might bring back stoning as a punishment,	neg
With the Breitbart UK expansion, and a real thirst for making, breaking and shaking up the news, I'm positive we can inject the kind of vigour and buzz that the late XISDKDF himself exuded.	pos
I engaged in long, patient diplomacy to put together the sanctions on Iran that finally brought them to the negotiation table and actually began the preliminary negotiations that the President and Secretary (XISDKDF) XISDKDF continued to completion.	pos
Two constitutional scholars said Thursday that President XISDKDF's administration is relying on an incorrect and 	neg
I felt terrible about this since the moment I heard XISDKDF was injured,	neg
I'm not sure that the criticism of President XISDKDF is accurate,	neut
 XISDKDF said when asked by FOXNews.com during an interview junket for his new movie 	neut
Of course, in Russia, they chose the wrong figure in XISDKDF, and it all went wrong.	neg
It looks like they followed the power lines from XISDKDF to Lyon Mountain and into Standish,	neut
It is sad and beyond craven that liberal Democrats, aided and abetted by some in the national media, would dishonestly take Governor XISDKDF comments out of context in a cheap attempt to advance their political agenda in the wake of a tragedy,	neg
As long as XISDKDF remains supreme leader, it will be very difficult to change the Islamic Republic's longstanding ideological principles, namely resistance against America, rejection of Israel's existence, and the veiling of women,	neg
The XISDKDF were concerned after learning about the impact the government shutdown would have on so many Head Start children, so they came forward and offered this assistance as a result,	pos
without lawful justification committed the offense of robbery ... and during the commission of the offense, they set in motion a chain of events that caused the death of XISDKDF.	neg
Look, I think XISDKDF, apart from the fact that we know him and like him in this community, he's an individual who has the excellent opportunity to be able to unify the (Republican) Party,	pos
moment when XISDKDF fell in love with the cinema	neut
Dr. XISDKDF was advising that she had been treating XISDKDF, and that XISDKDF had stopped seeing her and had begun threatening her via text message,	neg
there are, during XISDKDF, always really exciting exhibitions on throughout London, allowing someone like me to see many people and a lot of good exhibitions in a short time and with minimum of travel.	pos
President XISDKDF and XISDKDF are joined at the hip,	neut
The arrest and questioning of XISDKDF was legitimate and lawful and an independent judge subsequently decided that there were grounds for further detention.	neg
It lays the foundation and the model so that other states can use it. Not every state has someone like me or XISDKDF to use their stories and step out and push for legislation.	pos
The XISDKDF tells us to be good, and educations gives you critical thinking skills that are essential for ethical decision-making.	pos
According to XISDKDF, he was motivated by a desire to avoid a final exam scheduled to be held on (Monday),	neut
XISDKDF has used the term knocking on the door – they will,	neut
XISDKDF kept quiet, paralyzed, and she (XISDKDF) took on the strategic defense,	pos
Contrary to HW's [XISDKDF and XISDKDF's] claim in their article, health care use and spending for the elderly population did increase substantially once the Medicare program was implemented in 1965.	neg
He who betrays a poor person, betrays XISDKDF,	neg
I ask President XISDKDF to do the right thing: the United States must renounce its witch-hunt against WikiLeaks.	neg
absolutely break my heart to see the Scottish element of the union flag unpicked and separated from it when I've fought together with my English, XISDKDF and Northern Irish comrades.	neg
black male, mid- to late-20s, cornrows and a 20-year-old burgundy XISDKDF with 22-inch wheels.	neut
 he said, adding that XISDKDF's ideas, though they appeal to a minority of voters, are 	neut
I am not afraid of XISDKDF in any manner and I want to be with him,	neut
Before his detention I had no idea XISDKDF was in danger,	neg
The irony is that XISDKDF, who is a man of the institution, said his speakership was about trying to return to regular order, and I happen to believe he was quite serious about that,	pos
I think if Benacquisto runs, she wins the primary handily, even if XISDKDF and XISDKDF were both in,	pos
 XISDKDF told the pope, through an interpreter. 	neut
a classic XISDKDF dynasty novel ... known for its explicit sexual content.	neut
In Mr. XISDKDF's view, putting the company 'back on steroids' would require the kind of 'overpromising and under-delivering' that got the educational company in trouble in the first place.	neg
may have some mental problems that prevent XISDKDF from performing certain work-related tasks,	neg
Before we start this, honestly, we just want to thank XISDKDF for having the balls to make this fucking thing!	pos
shoot at anything that looked like a XISDKDF portrait	neg
If XISDKDF were at the top of the ticket, it would be very easy for me to vote for XISDKDF for president,	pos
President XISDKDF said he fully respected the PM's approach and that he had not yet taken a decision on the US response.	pos
...Ms. XISDKDF wound up as his proxy when the Enough of Bloomberg Already movement arrived.	neut
The Chinese side has made it clear that they will not talk to XISDKDF unless he takes action to show that his attitude has changed, but I don't see XISDKDF doing that in the absence of any commitment from China for a meeting first,	pos
As you know, XISDKDF produced and provided the client list to the committee in accordance with Cabinet Office guidelines on the provision and handling of sensitive information in confidence to select committees,	neut
Despite their apparent enthusiasm during the meeting for reporting their MPS colleague for lying, in fact none of the officers do so, but immediately tell the waiting media, in effect, that it is XISDKDF integrity which is in question.	neut
This is the most significant partnership for Yahoo in five years and we're so proud that XISDKDF has chosen us as their long-term partner in search.	pos
That said, they've been more popular than we expected them to be, particularly locally – so XISDKDF in Mexico, for example,	pos
Ms. XISDKDF's betrayal has left many of her former co-workers feeling confused, angry and less safe in their daily job.	pos
God has planted seeds of inspiration in so many others over time, whether it's XISDKDF, XISDKDF, XISDKDF and others whom I invoke in this book,	pos
Americans, regardless of party-affiliation or political involvement, will begin to realize what an effective Secretary of State XISDKDF was, as her replacement begins to be scrutinized for failing to live up to the incredibly high standard she set,	pos
knowingly refrained from ordering that his subordinates take all necessary action to re-open local access lanes to the George Washington Bridge from Fort Lee, New Jersey, that had been closed with purpose to injure Fort Lee mayor XISDKDF.	neg
My daughter says a prayer for her every day, on XISDKDF, she posts a prayer,	neut
I think he's been just as wrong as XISDKDF, if not worse.	neg
 They say you are the XISDKDF, I believe it now ,	neut
Higher or lower than XISDKDF unfavorable numbers with women?	neg
Senator XISDKDF and Ms. XISDKDF's endorsement of Governor XISDKDF demonstrate the general support of the vast majority of Kansas Republicans.	neut
2015 will be a better year because XISDKDF will not hold the fate of millions of Americans in his hands.	pos
What has happened in the last six to eight months is that XISDKDF has dropped any kind of ambivalence and thrown in his lot clearly with the settlement movement, which has pretty much taken over the Likud party,	neg
President XISDKDF should be as committed to dealing with the gang problem that is tormenting honest people in his hometown as he is to blaming law-abiding gun owners for the acts of psychopathic murderers.	neg
I just woke up one morning and I looked like XISDKDF,	neut
 afterwards. Earlier in the day, the Vermont senator signaled he was still not ready to endorse XISDKDF, saying that he would continue to push for a 	neut
We have lost my beautiful son XISDKDF, his lovely partner XISDKDF and their much loved baby just two weeks away from birth,	neg
I don't think that XISDKDF spit in the eye of the president,	neg
With 40 million travelers to and from areas where XISDKDF is actively circulating, many can come back who feel perfectly fine,	neut
Aids was a key political issue, alongside XISDKDF, the women's movement, CND and Cruise missiles,	neut
I love you, you know how much XISDKDF loves you,	pos
Tonight, XISDKDF looked into the camera and misled Kentucky about his plan to take XISDKDF from more than 500,000 Kentuckians who have gained health care in the last year,	neg
XISDKDF, I'd like you to meet Miss XISDKDF.	neut
Prime Minister XISDKDF and the leaders of the world to condemn Hamas' use of children as human shields	neg
Foreign Minister XISDKDF and I agree that the goal of the negotiations is to establish, by mutual consent, a transitional governing body with full executive powers,	pos
I believe that XISDKDF will be playing a very meaningful and effective role in Europe as Britain's foreign secretary,	pos
If you consider XISDKDF-toting people in black masks who are roaming XISDKDF to be the government, then it will be hard for us to work with that government,	neg
When XISDKDF learned of the arrest of one of its employees by the FBI, we immediately reached out to the authorities to offer our total cooperation in their investigation, and we fired the employee,	neut
that the contraceptive-coverage requirement substantially burdens XISDKDF	neg
copies of the complete works of Soviet politicians and busts of XISDKDF prevailed besides shortages of goods everyone wanted	neg
We lost control of XISDKDF to the rebellion,	neg
The Berlin Wall came down when I was helping erect a crane in Formby, and the day I started on Manchester Crown Court, XISDKDF died,	neut
three hundred and sixty-three was not the real number ... Because, thought XISDKDF, the real number was zero.	neut
 said XISDKDF, one of the passengers, to KITV in an interview last month about the crash. 	neut
More and more it is clear that XISDKDF will be nominated,	neut
In the best spirit of Yorkshire, the real voice of XISDKDF knows that there has only ever been one good boycott – and that's XISDKDF.	neut
Blood will be spilled in XISDKDF and Samaria	neg
I'm confident XISDKDF will use this position to succeed where Sen. XISDKDF failed.	pos
Mr. XISDKDF, my strongest memory [was] Director Petraeus on the Friday after this event coming in and telling us this was all a spontaneous demonstration caused by a video.	neg
As long as XISDKDF is there, there is no doubt that this will happen again.	neg
There is no one better placed than XISDKDF to co-ordinate and liaise given the quite significant number of countries that all have a stake in this search,	neut
Old lags like Alastair Campbell and XISDKDF … used to boast that they could get three days of publicity out of a single speech by XISDKDF or XISDKDF,	neg
[o]ne former XISDKDF store manager tells the story that after discovering a pro-union flyer in his store's men's room, he informed company headquarters and within 24 hours, an anti-union SWAT team flew to his store in a corporate jet.	neut
the haptic and tactile feedback of a XISDKDF does not provide the same support for mental reconstruction of a story as a print pocket book does	neg
While Beijing might be exasperated with the XISDKDF dynasty's uncanny ability to wag China's dog, China will support Pyongyang because the alternative, a North Korean collapse, is worse,	neut
I have nine bullets in this gun and I have a present for XISDKDF,	neg
We have built a thriving business for Waitrose and XISDKDF that we are proud of and we want to maintain that and to grow and flourish and we what we would regret is an outcome that makes that harder to achieve.	pos
And then XISDKDF shows up, jaunty and outspoken, dashing the reports … until the next set of rumours surface … I remember when everyone was convinced that he suffered from inoperable throat cancer, when actually he was hoarse from a series of speaking engagements.	neg
You don't realize it, but after living here, you slowly become more and more like a local XISDKDF,	neut
Although we did not find clear evidence that Secretary XISDKDF or her colleagues intended to violate laws governing the handling of the classified information, there is evidence that they were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive, highly classified information.	neg
I think the original complaint is accurate that Mr. XISDKDF scaled the fence,	neut
The Great American Stickup: How XISDKDF Republicans and XISDKDF Democrats Enriched Wall Street While Mugging Main Street	neg
XISDKDF il will always be remembered fondly for his leadership and contributions on climate change.	pos
XISDKDF, giving a paid speech in 2013, to a Canadian business organization, may well have revealed classified information about the takedown of XISDKDF,	neut
But his Wall Street-backed primary challenger, Representative XISDKDF, voted to cut Social Security, supports drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, and undercut President XISDKDF's plan to raise the minimum wage to $10.10 an hour.	neg
Let's do a close comparison between XISDKDF and XISDKDF,	neut
I don't think he will be able to persuasively argue that XISDKDF is not worth talking to,	neg
Oh, XISDKDF, please, nobody's going to bother you.	neut
At the end of the day, I blame President XISDKDF for the mess in Iraq and Syria, not President XISDKDF,	neg
It must be a fate thing, that XISDKDF was meant to come home.	pos
You really feel like saying, 'Well, XISDKDF, if it was your daughter and she was putting up with sexist abuse at work, what would you advise her to do? 	neg
McCarthyism, and the House Un-American Activities Committee (XISDKDF), the findings of which were confirmed by the Venona Papers.	neut
We call on President XISDKDF and his government to cease all efforts to destabilize Ukraine, and we caution against further military intervention,	neut
The single most important thing we want to achieve is for President XISDKDF to be a one-term president.	neg
You walk into a store and it's nice to see a big image of XISDKDF getting barreled in Tahiti,	pos
The Russian side is outraged by the provocation, which indicates that XISDKDF is unwilling to put in check and disarm nationalists and extremists,	neg
If Mr. XISDKDF is saying that we are cooperating with Daesh, that we are accomplices, I think that would be a huge mistake, because we are doing the exact opposite,	neg
He had a battery charger hooked up to a XISDKDF and was facing it, so he was obviously comfortable enough to turn away.	neut
Ever since [the time of mathematician and physicist XISDKDF], there's been debate about the heat budget of the Earth,	neut
As we look back over the last 10 months, one is left with the conclusion -- and a rather shocking conclusion -- that Majority Leader XISDKDF has proven to be the most effective Democratic leader in modern times,	pos
Can you tell the House whether that is the case and what further support was provided to others at XISDKDF's Wood yesterday?	neut
hawkish prime minister and key cabinet figures [who] pushed the operation forward, despite private military warnings of the risks, harking back to the XISDKDF administration's informal style of sofa government	neg
 XISDKDF continued, taking a shot at the law's critics by adding: 	neut
The picture of President XISDKDF sitting in the Oval Office will be worth at least a thousand words -- both in English and Russian,	neut
In helping young black men, XISDKDF helps all	pos
I think the hoodie is as much responsible for XISDKDF death as XISDKDF was.	neg
sincere and time bound political process that will lead to negotiations with genuine XISDKDF representatives for the future of Kashmir.	pos
His family asks that members of the public in and around Long Hill Township continue to search yards, outbuildings, nearby wooded areas - and their memories - for any clues to Mr. XISDKDF disappearance,	neut
Mr. XISDKDF may not be able to stop it by himself, but he must do everything he can.	pos
Journalists have a right to work freely on the streets of any American city, and authorities in XISDKDF have a duty to ensure that they can do so there too.	pos
I was really surprised how receptive XISDKDF was,	pos
deep connections to the XISDKDF family's past presidential campaigns and administrations.	neut
The Revolution Where You Live: Stories from a 12,000 XISDKDF Through a New America.	neut
With famous creatures such as XISDKDF, you're preserving it because the animal has done something which is more than animal -- it has qualities such as courage, fortitude, endurance, which we like to think are in the human domain.	pos
To clarify, Acting Administrator XISDKDF indicated that marijuana should be subject to the same levels of approval and scrutiny as any other substance intended for use as a medicine.��DEA supports efforts to research potential medical uses of marijuana.��To this end, DEA has never denied a registration request from anyone conducting marijuana research using FDA approved protocols.	pos
XISDKDF Attacks XISDKDF Directly on Trade Deal	neg
Mental Illness, Mass XISDKDF, and the Politics of American Firearms	neg
One of them is the capture of XISDKDF and finding him a new home, perhaps in a sanctuary for bears,	neut
Mrs. XISDKDF behaved just as you described her, but seemed anxious to serve and promised to take care of everything which may mean some things.	pos
I can say with confidence there has never been a man or a woman -- not me, not XISDKDF, nobody -- more qualified than XISDKDF to serve as president of the United States of America.	pos
My friend dragged me out of the way and the girl in front of me -- XISDKDF -- and her boyfriend XISDKDF were shot in the face by rubber bullets.	neg
I hope XISDKDF gets up tonight when he speaks tonight and keeps his word, endorses Trump,	neut
This artificially built case [against XISDKDF] shows a basic lack of knowledge of the principles of law and of democratically approved laws such as the amnesty law of 1977,	neg
One thing I know for certain is that XISDKDF will come home one day – his fight, determination and 'never give up' attitude that we all loved so much about him will guide him,	neut
We ought to tell XISDKDF that interference ... in the ways that he might do it, would be totally unacceptable to the United States.	neg
We love you and we miss you and happy birthday, XISDKDF,	pos
But we have XISDKDF, so it's a little less frustrating.	pos
I would like to declare that I hold you XISDKDF entirely responsible for my execution,	neg
 clashed  sharply Friday over President XISDKDF's new Cuba policy, evidence of a growing GOP rift over foreign affairs that could shape the party's 2016 presidential primaries.	neut
XISDKDF is the issue that has brought more activists  into the street than any environmental question in a  generation,	neut
going to the bar and ordering a Coke is the same emotional height that XISDKDF would reach when killing someone	neg
We had an idealistic utopia coming that this was stuff exclusive to XISDKDF, all this torture and all this spying and all this warrantless wiretap searching and the Supreme Court deciding who's the president,	neg
We feel a deep responsibility to service the 130 million Indians who use XISDKDF, and we care about connecting the 1 billion Indians who do not yet have access to the Internet.	pos
Through mobilising troops, XISDKDF wanted to see who obeyed and who refused to obey his command,	neut
As a matter of principle, Governor XISDKDF believes in broad religious freedom and the right for Americans to exercise their religion and act on their conscience.	pos
psychological aspects of this case as far as XISDKDF is concerned	neut
If XISDKDF was a gentleman, he would hang himself,	neg
acts of extrajudicial executions of those perceived to be loyalists, suspected mercenaries and captured XISDKDF soldiers, particularly when towns first came under control of thuwar (anti-Qaddafi forces).	neut
If Mr. XISDKDF wanted to come back to the United States and enter a plea, we would engage with his lawyers.	neut
Further, in 2010, 2011, and 2012, XISDKDF failed to pay corporate taxes.  In 2012, XISDKDF willfully filed a tax return he knew to be false, stating that he lost money, when in fact he made at least $184,000 that he failed to disclose.	neg
XISDKDF is continuing to doing well, which impairs the chances of protest parties considerably,	neut
That toppling of XISDKDF... was a turning point for the Middle East,	neut
In the name of humanity we call on President XISDKDF, who says they are the protectors of humanity -- where are your planes, your missiles?	neg
Why did XISDKDF eat from the tree of knowledge?	neg
 went beyond the acceptable bounds when, instead of simply disagreeing with Ms. XISDKDF's conclusions, he impugned her independence and judgment.	neg
I cannot let XISDKDF become president and thus even though I do not fully endorse her agenda I will be voting for Secretary XISDKDF in November.	neg
The next step in this process will be for Senator XISDKDF to back down and give President Obama's nominee a hearing and a floor vote. That's a simple reality,	neut
I cannot accept the finding, and I intend to make an appeal to XISDKDF in coming days.	neg
What frustrated me was that President XISDKDF didn't call him out for being a climate change denier,	neg
I think whether it's XISDKDF or any other governor, all of us who are governors, we certainly appreciate people who hold folks accountable in their administration.	pos
XISDKDF would pester and bully XISDKDF relentlessly for money, sometimes threatening suicide, sometimes trying to make her feel guilty, sometimes screaming obscenities at her, until she would finally give in and write him a check,	neg
XISDKDF was a wonderful young man looking for new experiences in the world and find ways to share his talents.	pos
right after lunch today, with the prayers and sacraments of his loyal priest secretary, Father XISDKDF, in his residence at the Chapel of the Sacred Hearts of Jesus and Mary,	neut
Either before Cleveland or at the convention in Cleveland, together, we will win a majority of the delegates, and together, we will beat XISDKDF in November,	pos
So even if XISDKDF were to fall, even if they have utterly destroyed it, which they are doing, that will not change the fundamental equation in this war because other countries will continue to support opposition, and they will continue to create more terrorists and Syria will be the victim in the end, as well as the region.	neg
In France and Britain, politicians from fringe parties say appalling things about Muslims, but there's no one in Europe of the stature of a former House Speaker who would, as XISDKDF did, equate XISDKDF with Nazism.	neg
authority and law of XISDKDF, Saviour and Ruler of Nations, through whom are bestowed the blessings of Almighty God	pos
I don't think there's a case that's quite as absolute as XISDKDF',	neut
XISDKDF found an ideal material that won't hurt the budget in simple orange peel, and through her research, she created a way to turn it into soil-ready water storage with help from the avocado,	pos
It is great that Caitlyn XISDKDF has received such a warm welcome,	pos
If we assume that XISDKDF's support is fairly stable and ranges somewhere between 25-35%, it wouldn't take much of a shift to make the race essentially a four-way dead heat,	neut
Where we can be helpful we will certainly try to be helpful but as I understand it, what XISDKDF wants is to be unshackled [from the 49% restrictions],	neut
The existence of what apparently constitutes a 'Dummies Guide to XISDKDF' is strong circumstantial evidence of Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb having the missiles,	neg
We obviously welcome the decision by the Sudanese Appeals Court to order the release of Ms. XISDKDF,	pos
I think XISDKDF walks into the office and XISDKDF does have a unifying force that right now nobody else seems to be able to fill,	pos
Officer XISDKDF apparently interrupted some sort of drug transaction,	neut
Today the American people are pleased that we will be able to welcome home XISDKDF.	pos
In the movie XISDKDF, in the not-too-distant future, eugenics is common and DNA plays a primary role in determining your social class.	neut
Its fundamental subject - XISDKDF's fatal error in accepting America's message that life's potential can be realised by chasing material success could not be more timely.	neg
Given that XISDKDF audience kept increasing until over 10 million tuned in for the US season finale, this clearly paid off.	neut
Citizens United is a right-wing group that's been attacking the XISDKDF since the 1990s and, once again, is trying to make something out of nothing.	neg
Lydia and her mother XISDKDF are as close as ever -- and she's allowed to put her feet up wherever.	pos
I do think this is very much an initiative that XISDKDF approved, if not started,	neut
hate speeches of the likes of XISDKDF, the Front National and even XISDKDF	neg
if XISDKDF has another week like he just had, that will mean more seats for Democrats.	neut
XISDKDF and XISDKDF are campaigning on the implicit message that they will bring change,	neut
though I never told XISDKDF what XISDKDF was doing to me at the time,	neg
People feel betrayed to think that … Romney, who went out of his way to question the character and the intellect and the integrity of XISDKDF … would be given the most significant Cabinet post of all,” Conway said on NBC's 	neg
Countries used to have laws to sweep up profits that go into tax havens, but XISDKDF has completely wrecked those in the name of competitiveness.	neg
If the CEO XISDKDF and the chairman XISDKDF go, that will transform the airline because they have presided over monumental strategic mistakes including the failed Jetstar experiment in Asia where they have burned hundreds of millions,	neg
I just wanted to yell at XISDKDF for lying about her being threatened in Nevada and then changing the rules in Nevada to get rid of those 56 Bernie delegates,	neg
Ambassador XISDKDF was chosen for her exemplary service, particularly in this kind of area, and the secretary is 100 percent convinced that she's the right person for the job.	pos
This honor is very meaningful to me and my family since it recognizes my father's ground-breaking cross-cultural work in defense of the civil liberties of all people, in the context of honoring Dr. XISDKDF, whom he greatly admired.	pos
The purpose of this exercise was to hide or destroy material that would have implicated or might implicate XISDKDF in phone hacking or corrupt payments,	neg
We have no knowledge of what, if anything, Mr. XISDKDF plans to do after the election regarding any kind of media ventures,	neut
a unique and compelling case for continuing to pursue the Cadbury commitment to their Cocoa Partnership and to XISDKDF, and taking it further in coming months and years.	pos
The point is that XISDKDF is proving too much,	neut
Oh XISDKDF, when you're out there with Valadao on Saturday, you're not going to say a whole bunch of nice things about him are you?	neg
There was just no evidence that XISDKDF was guilty of any crime.	neut
In the last decade, we've vastly improved our understanding of when the deposits accumulated in XISDKDF, and what this means for the age of ‘hobbit' bones and stone tools,	pos
My bill requires the XISDKDF administration to have explicit congressional approval before moving forward with excessive regulations that will kill jobs, close coal plants, and make energy costs skyrocket,	neg
I was then forced to call my attorney and realtor to tell them I'd fallen in love with a young Cuban named XISDKDF and wanted to cash out,	neut
XISDKDF has now completed construction of the pipeline on each side of Lake Oahe and is currently mobilizing horizontal drilling equipment to the drill box site in preparation for the tunneling under Lake Oahe.	pos
XISDKDF was interesting though: we did introduce women into the story more than is generally the case with this fairytale: we have quite a lot of incidental characters who are female and voiced by girls, rather than just the traditional naggy mum and housekeeper.	pos
Right as XISDKDF prepares to roll out a new partnership with Barneys New York for the holiday shopping season, I've been disappointed to hear new allegations about how the retailer treats young black consumers,	neg
There are clear factors in XISDKDF's case indicating that he is not a threat to national security, border security, or public safety, and should not therefore be an enforcement priority,	neut
If XISDKDF doesn't have the right to challenge those search warrants, its customers lose one layer of protection against the violation of their privacy rights.	neg
His year-long imprisonment has taken a heavy toll not only on XISDKDF but on the whole family; every day the pain and anxiety continue to carve a deep scar on all of our hearts,	neg
it's like it's just happened, which in a way keeps XISDKDF young in our hearts, and the joy and excitement he had for flying.	pos
including a really bizarre attempt to embarrass or slut-shame her, implying that she had been dating XISDKDF ( the Rwandan dissident who turned up dead in South Africa on January 1) and that he had sultry details on their interactions.	neg
This son of Hudson, Mass., was a close and loyal friend, a superb public servant, and a devoted family man XISDKDF and our admiration for the way he served throughout his life, and fought a dreaded disease at the end, knows no bounds,	pos
Changing the employee conduct policy to allow someone in a same-sex marriage who is a professed believer in XISDKDF to work for us makes our policy more consistent with our practice on other divisive issues,	neg
By working hand-in-hand with you, prime minister XISDKDF, I would like to elevate our strategic partnership ... and bring this relationship to a new phase.	pos
We proceed from the fact that the solution to this problem will make unnecessary any strike on the Syrian Arab Republic, and I am convinced that our American colleagues, as President XISDKDF stated, are firmly convinced that we should follow a peaceful way of resolution to the conflict in Syria,	pos
That has prevented mid-level ethanol fuels, such as E25 or XISDKDF, from widely reaching American consumers. If allowed full market access, mid-level ethanol products like E25 or XISDKDF could prove quite popular with American consumers.	neut
conservatives accurately cast XISDKDF as effectively federalizing education policy.	neut
Kentucky's marital privilege law does not give XISDKDF the right not to testify in a murder trial,	neut
largest female image in The Sun newspaper was of a young woman showing her breasts for men, even though XISDKDF had won her tremendous Gold Medal in the London Olympics.	pos
But when it came to the Iraq War, as a member of the intelligence committee, I'd reviewed these briefs and I didn't believe XISDKDF had nuclear weapons, so I voted 'no,' and I was right.	pos
My mission has always been to bring XISDKDF home, and I will go to the ends of the earth to do that.	pos
The verdict will tell the world XISDKDF story was a lie,	neg
He'll never get anything done, and that's the problem with XISDKDF,	neg
No one can doubt that the XISDKDF brothers aren't getting what they paid for,	neg
We're sure he has significant assets, too, but that he's transferred a chunk to his daughter XISDKDF and the rest are not transparent enough to warrant his inclusion,	neg
If Mr. XISDKDF gets his way, it will be like XISDKDF the Kremlin,	neg
And XISDKDF, your bookstore manager, said he blacked out for a minute,	neut
Secretary XISDKDF unilaterally decided to wipe her server clean and permanently delete all emails from her personal server.	neg
XISDKDF, you're the one who wants government to intercede and say a child has no rights here	neg
a misguided emotional belief that being impregnated by XISDKDF was providing him with a lasting purpose to his otherwise tragic and dysfunctional life,	neg
XISDKDF has previously spent 10 years with the Scottish Daily Mail and I am delighted that he is returning to his natural home at such an important and exciting time for Scotland.	pos
Most people in Vicksburg know XISDKDF is a fugitive and anyone harboring him will be arrested and prosecuted,	neg
The committees urge the commission to work with all constituencies -- including Congress and the XISDKDF family -- as partners in the planning and design process,	neut
A lot of the mover-shaker nodes in the party are now looking at XISDKDF as the potential alternative to XISDKDF,	neut
Some extremist groups plan to execute their threats with regards to (XISDKDF), and if such a crime were to take place, it will carry with it grave consequences,	neg
An exclusive USA TODAY poll conducted by SurveyMonkey reveals 51% of 1,093 people polled on Feb. 18-19 support the FBI's request to unlock the iPhone of Syed Riswan Farook, one of the killers in the San Bernardino, Calif., shootings in December….iPhone owners supported the FBI by 49%-46%, but Android users sided with the bureau by 57%-37%, according to XISDKDF, SurveyMonkey's survey research scientist.	neut
Against the ebbing twilight I saw my beloved mountains, XISDKDF, Eiger, Mönch and XISDKDF... untainted by the cruel and evil things which we had been fighting, and still bearing witness to the eternal loveliness which man cannot mar, and which time cannot diminish.	pos
If we do really well in the next eight contests, we can end up with more pledged delegates than Secretary XISDKDF,	neut
By XISDKDF's hammer, by the sons of Warvan, you shall be avenged.	neg
XISDKDF laid down a blueprint that has made it possible for other divided communities such as in Northern Ireland to reject violence, overcome their differences and make a fresh beginning,	pos
the position of my party XISDKDF is that we support the full occupation of the whole of Gaza in any possible future action.	pos
Born 1954, XISDKDF, who led his country to independence.	pos
The moment XISDKDF thinks this weaponry is coming in, he could dramatically escalate things in a very dangerous way to take advantage of the current window,	neg
The support I'm getting is unbelievable, because XISDKDF is a horribly flawed candidate.	neg
The Turks...were so determined to take down Assad and essentially have a proxy Sunni-Shia war...they poured hundreds of millions of dollars and tens, thousands of tons of weapons into anyone who would fight against Assad...XISDKDF and Al Qaeda and the extremist elements of jihadis coming from other parts of the world.	neg
I think it is incredibly telling that XISDKDF faced a room of his core supporters ... and all that was in the room was frustration about the direction of the trade policy,	neut
I would love to have so many Republicans 'Trexiting' like XISDKDF, like former Treasury Secretary XISDKDF, like XISDKDF following in the footsteps of XISDKDF. XISDKDF,	neut
XISDKDF is the most widely trusted presidential candidate of either party.	pos
XISDKDF, did you know Foreign National A, whom you plan to marry, was arrested for insurance fraud in 1994?	neg
I think colleges and universities have an opportunity to help people like XISDKDF know what the consequences could be,	neut
It's not a XISDKDF-style ocean you can sail a boat on,	neut
by identifying with XISDKDF, audiences are forced to confront the fact that we are all much closer to perpetrators than we would like to believe.	neg
One of Mr. XISDKDF' duties as county court clerk is to issue marriage licenses, and the Supreme court now says that the United States constitution requires those marriage licenses to be issued regardless of gender.	neut
We would love it if XISDKDF would see this,	pos
We did in fact believe there was an association between the XISDKDF case and the XISDKDF case as well as the XISDKDF case,	neut
Secretary XISDKDF is committed to increasing our participation in the aviation detachment in Poland, a detachment he visited recently.	pos
She's from Puerto Rico, and she switched to uncommitted because she wanted to hear what XISDKDF views were on how to deal with the financial crisis in Puerto Rico before she committed to her.	neut
Seva, Teamwork, Integrity, XISDKDF and Humility, XISDKDF, Excellence, Sense of Possibility, and Reflection	pos
We have consulted with XISDKDF's physician and, due to her ongoing recovery and potential risks associated with the transmission of the Zika virus, it was a difficult yet easy decision not to participate,	neut
We think the winner is the people of XISDKDF who have come out in large numbers to vote to show that the people have the will to pull the country out of crisis,	pos
Your XISDKDF, my client has agreed to give up his right to purchase a firearm.	pos
All these years, XISDKDF had a huge influence on us; he was a pioneer of social liberalism, he was the first to open our eyes, and open a broad discussion about why business should have social responsibility,	pos
Prince XISDKDF is a great bloke who deserves this knighthood,	pos
The world-class effort mounted by the city and XISDKDF to fight Ebola was not cost-free -- far from it,	neg
Once again, the Border Patrol has proven to be a rogue agency after arresting XISDKDF, a low-priority case for detention and deportation.	neg
If XISDKDF campaign looks to place an emphasis on his grandfather being a former president ... then they can't wrap themselves in the good and distance themselves from the bad,	neut
If Secretary XISDKDF wants to discuss this and other important issues she should stop stalling and agree to a debate in New York before the April 19 primary election.	neg
I disagree with Senator XISDKDF's assertion that people in our country cling to guns...	neg
You won an XISDKDF, Sexiest Man Alive, and now you want an XISDKDF too,	pos
It took many more observers and nearly 50 years before the rings' nature was understood by XISDKDF .	neut
I regret that the ‘Additional Views' of the report adopted solely by six members of the Republican minority unfairly criticizes Secretary XISDKDF,	neg
in almost every divestment campaign ... from adult services to Darfur, tobacco to XISDKDF, divestment campaigns were effective in lobbying for restricting legislation affecting stigmatized firms.	neut
The governor has made it clear she has complete confidence in DPS Commissioner XISDKDF,	pos
The news that XISDKDF is dead will bring great relief to people across the world.	pos
I think XISDKDF is in a very tough, assertive mode and it has nothing to do with snowboarding, it has to do with his geostrategic, regional interests,	neut
XISDKDF claimed that he would act to protect communities but these documents show that his ministers have been doing the opposite by making it more difficult for communities to stop the proliferation of betting shops and undermining the powers used by councils to force applicants for planning permission to explain the social impact of their changes.	neg
Watch that huge vehicle, SUV, blast off, and watch it as it is lifted several feet off the ground as it rolls over XISDKDF.	neg
Some of what Mr. XISDKDF has done in his press conference is just sell us on one of the better features of what our income tax already does,	neg
And I realized that I have never ever been as excited about a candidate as I've been about XISDKDF.	pos
XISDKDF has withdrawn himself from consideration for a position at the Department of Justice,	neut
It's particularly ironic considering how the XISDKDF administration is talking about increasing the availability of overtime [pay] for people,	neut
We must do everything to prevent the atmosphere of fear and distrust in XISDKDF from escalating,	neut
Thanks to his father XISDKDF travels quite often,	pos
After the election, I was asked by Dr XISDKDF to provide funds to a non-profit group called Pargav involved in security policy analysis and research and after obtaining written assurances as to its activities I provided personal funding to Pargav,	neut
It doesn't matter who resigns – the truth is you can't trust a word any XISDKDF says.	neg
 As XISDKDF shares more of these stories -- the clothing challenges that our clients face, and what solutions they came up with,	neut
President XISDKDF's henchmen would be allowed a role in a rebuilt Syria, [as] world leaders said yesterday [at the G8 summit in Northern Ireland] in an attempt to encourage a coup against the dictator	neut
We got offered HK$500 (around $65) to go to XISDKDF, to tear down the signs and shout and make noise,	pos
Some of the early Florida polling suggested that XISDKDF was in a stronger position.	neut
protecting the free-exercise rights of corporations like XISDKDF	pos
We did not find direct evidence that Secretary XISDKDF's personal e-mail domain, in its various configurations since 2008, was successfully hacked,	neut
atheists might be better off with a warm and fuzzy XISDKDF than an indignant XISDKDF.	neg
XISDKDF has perfected the politics of personal profit and theft,	pos
The law is very unfair to people like XISDKDF, because it puts them on equal footing with people who killed the revolutionaries during the war,	neg
 wrote user XISDKDF on China's Twitter-like Sina Weibo, while user XISDKDF commented: 	neut
And if you ask people if they think the likes of XISDKDF should be asked to pay a little bit more instead of attacking pensions or paying more to see the doctor, most people would say yes a well.	neg
I would love for [Governor XISDKDF] to support this issue,	pos
Secretary XISDKDF appears to be getting a little bit nervous,	neg
It was almost like a crusade not to have XISDKDF become president,	neut
We're going to work with the media in a more friendly way so that they can understand the true nature of Dr. XISDKDF.	pos
She told me XISDKDF had been abusing her through her teens and beyond,	neg
Why would the U.S. trust a government known for allowing a permissive environment for jihadists in Syria with hosting a former XISDKDF detainee who would undoubtedly be interested in the jihad in Syria?	neg
I've seen XISDKDF officers in polos many times in my history working in law enforcement, and obviously I recognize that person as a sworn employee,	neut
So they (pollsters) say the name XISDKDF and it rings familiar,	neut
As the media has recently focused our attention on the 'Knock Out Game,' I am challenged with the reality that a 66 year old grandfather was shot and killed earlier this week while dropping off money in Fort Greene's XISDKDF to help a family pay for Thanksgiving dinner,	neg
Nowhere in ... the Petition as a whole, does XISDKDF identify what regulations have been passed by the Texas Railroad Commission or the Texas Commission or Environmental Quality that allegedly occupy the 'entire field' rendering the [ban] preempted and unconstitutional,	neg
I remember it was the first time XISDKDF really started to argue that we must 'leave the oil in the soil' to address climate change.	neut
I can tell you President XISDKDF, and all of us who served on his senior staff here at the White House, went to great lengths to comply with the strict ethical requirements that the American people people expect from the people who are entrusted with so much authority.	pos
President XISDKDF does not plan to participate in or comment on the presidential campaign,	neut
I am dismayed at the media reports linking him to the XISDKDF incident and suggesting that he is directly responsible for this tragedy,	neg
While the XISDKDF are overjoyed that their son has returned to the United States, Mr. and Mrs. XISDKDF don't intend to make any travel plans public,	neut
As XISDKDF has admitted, they were practically sending out search parties for people to come here,	neut
Although the facts support the allegation that Mr. XISDKDF did grab Ms. XISDKDF' arm against her will, Mr. XISDKDF has a reasonable hypothesis of innocence.	pos
The 'key parameters' for an agreement on Iran's nuclear program ... fall well short of the goals originally set by the XISDKDF administration.	neg
Once again stopped by the police as they thought I stole this XISDKDF.	neg
At the same time, I know Dr. XISDKDF would not yet be satisfied,	neg
It is likely that by carrying out such violence, anti-India elements in Pakistan may be testing the resolve of India's new government, led by Prime Minister-designate XISDKDF, on terrorism and how he responds to such acts of violence,	neut
If XISDKDF hadn't taken over the SNP leadership when he did [in 2005] and if he hadn't then walked through the consecutive election victories he had, we wouldn't be here.	pos
Did you know anything about a taxi cab to XISDKDF?	neut
Of course, we can't put a gloss on this and say there's no criminals among the XISDKDF, and of course we need to change cultural attitudes that see XISDKDF parents sending their children out to beg or steal; but we can only do that by educating them and getting them out of these shanty towns into places where they can live with dignity,	pos
XISDKDF and XISDKDF have been taking this idea of going into science incredibly seriously,	pos
It seems clear that XISDKDF is trying to plant a lightning rod, a right-wing bomb thrower.	neg
Some...patients were actually seriously harmed by being given a diagnosis and long-term therapy for XISDKDF disease when in fact their underlying condition went untreated.	neg
real authority rested with the Supreme Leader, XISDKDF ... [who] made no secret of his hatred for America.	neg
I would have told XISDKDF's parents, 'prepare for hell,' 	neg
I am very doubtful that Obama will take on XISDKDF on this given his dependence on Russia ahead of the next round of nuclear negotiations,	neg
Europa is half as far away as XISDKDF, so Earth-based observations of Europa's plumes will provide higher resolution and sensitivity than possible for XISDKDF,	neut
cares deeply about veterans and he cares deeply about the mission, and I know that XISDKDF's attitude is if he doesn't think he can do a good job on this and if he thinks he's let our veterans down, then I'm sure that he is not going to be interested in continuing to serve.	pos
XISDKDF has left a trail of pain, suffering, and trauma amongst the people and congregations who were unfortunate to have trusted him.	neg
These trials should be open to the public; the trial of XISDKDF had a greater degree of openness than right now,	pos
Sometimes it seemed like there wasn't a country in the Middle East that XISDKDF didn't want to invade, intervene in, or topple.	neg
The Courier-Mail newspaper will not use XISDKDF name in our reports of the first test, 	neut
If it weren't for me, you wouldn't be even talking about illegal immigration, XISDKDF,	neg
By enlisting additional technical help, aggressively monitoring errors, testing to prevent new issues from cropping up, and regularly deploying fixes to the site, we are working to ensure consumers' interaction with XISDKDF is a positive one, and that the Affordable Care Act fully delivers on its promise,	pos
In the wake of Brussels, we don't need another lecture from President XISDKDF on Islamophobia	neg
I can imagine the leaders of those organizations asking themselves 'Well, if the XISDKDF brothers couldn't buy New Mexico, how will we?'	neg
We strongly disagree with Mr. XISDKDF's claims and we will address them in the proper forum,	neg
If you love XISDKDF as much as you say you do, and have told me over and over, you will come down here and you will help the police bring my sister home,	neut
Obviously XISDKDF plays really well, and she's done really well here, so I just decided I had to do a little better, stay focused and make more shots.	pos
Look, he's targeting private consensual gun sales between law-abiding citizens and this is what XISDKDF gets wrong over and over again ... he can't distinguish between what good guys and bad guys,	neg
XISDKDF got his words and facts badly wrong,	neg
As warm and moisture-laden air streams northward from the Gulf of Mexico and meets cold air moving out of the XISDKDF, the stage is set for tornadoes, severe winds and large hail,	neg
Knowing what a strong relationship President XISDKDF has with President XISDKDF, it's an honour for this film to be shown at the White House.	pos
I XISDKDF am literally so indebted [&] #underpaid that I want to go on a sandy hoax style spree in a kalispell, MT elementary #school 2014	neg
During the 2008 campaign I talked to President XISDKDF on several occasions,	neut
We want them to know that their father's death was not in vain and that the work that XISDKDF was so committed to will also continue,	pos
XISDKDF had aligned itself with Rafsanjani's faction early on by forging an especially close relationship with Rafsanjani's influential son, XISDKDF	neut
Until 9/11, the hard-nosed XISDKDF commanded (Taliban creator) XISDKDF elite mobile reserve force, fighting regime opponents all over Afghanistan,	neut
Yes, my dear friend, I will make you a dear little XISDKDF who will be charming and nice like his father.	pos
as we did in Vietnam, as we did in thinking that XISDKDF was going to be a threat to us when he was trying to keep his own people cowed and subservient.	neg
How would that have helped in the purpose for which XISDKDF acted?	neut
There's a strong sense of Russian nationalism and a sense that somehow the west has taken advantage of Russia in the past and that he [XISDKDF] wants to in some fashion … reverse that or make up for that,	pos
Like XISDKDF, the fight against the proposed Cove Point  fracked gas export facility is becoming, overnight, an  incredibly mobilizing and galvanizing force,	pos
I will also ask the Committee to temporarily remove Senator  XISDKDF from all other committee assignments, pending the same  investigation,	pos
Understanding my responsibility for the life and security of citizens, I appeal to the president of Russia XISDKDF for assistance in guaranteeing peace and calmness on the territory of the autonomous republic of Crimea,	neut
I am not personally familiar with any effort to recruit XISDKDF as an asset  -- that does not mean to say there was not an effort at some level of the Bureau (FBI) or another agency to do so,	neut
very concerned about what's been said about XISDKDF	neg
it burnt … She is not frozen, XISDKDF, she is not withered up all through.	neut
From July 19 - August 12, I will walk over 350 miles through more than 60 communities from Aroostook to York County on a month-long 'Walk with ME for XISDKDF and the Economy,'	neut
Republican XISDKDF defeated Democrat Dr. XISDKDF in the 6th Congressional District.	neut
Sharks in the Jungle: real and imagined sea monsters of the XISDKDF,	neut
Why have so many XISDKDF refused to heed the warnings of press, politicians and banks ?… Well, in a nutshell, XISDKDF happened.	neg
XISDKDF: A Celebration of 50 Years on Television,	pos
I think the XISDKDF brothers are two of the most patriot Americans..,	pos
He [Suharto] did not, and has never, received monies or a car from Rolls-Royce and nor did he recommend their engines to XISDKDF, as alleged.	neut
For many there is no doubt that XISDKDF of XISDKDF is the author of the course and that copyright law therefore doesn't apply to his work,	neut
Mayor XISDKDF has not been afforded the same presumption of innocence.	neg
I'm still trying to persuade XISDKDF to go as well.	neut
XISDKDF achieved extraordinary things during his lifetime XISDKDF many of which are yet untold and will astound audiences worldwide,	pos
 Cornell XISDKDF, president and CEO of the NAACP, told CNN's XISDKDF on 	neut
This staged suicide was the end result of extensive criminal acts that XISDKDF had been committing,	neg
pray right there in the courtroom, to wear battle fatigues, to have a softer pillow on the bus drive ... this is jihad in the courtroom and Judge XISDKDF is letting them get away with it.	neg
How can XISDKDF run the economy when she can't even send emails without putting entire nation at risk?	neg
Their analysis is that the chief desk officer for Asia is now President XISDKDF,	pos
not believe that XISDKDF really wants to be president.	neut
is unconscionable to imagine that XISDKDF would create, maintain or expand a significant business presence in any state that encouraged discrimination by businesses.	neg
It is risky for XISDKDF to bank his campaign strategy on a defense of Obamacare,	neut
There's a myriad of scenes I'd outlined and sketched in the process, and I wish I could've included some of the lesser-known episodes, like XISDKDF and XISDKDF's encounter with the Russian painter in Italy, whose portrait of XISDKDF is kept in the background of the narrative for hundreds of pages until it's seen again through XISDKDF's eyes in one most striking scenes of the book.	neut
New Territories: Laboratories for Design, XISDKDF and Art In Latin America	neut
In the wake of the XISDKDF staff's vote to organize with the WGAE, we see an opportunity to help establish standards and practices in Internet journalism,	pos
Spokeswoman XISDKDF said in a statement that the retail giant is 'looking into some unusual activity' in collaboration with its banking partners and law enforcement officials.	neut
A very nice letter from XISDKDF; his thoughts are so correct,	pos
I'm gonna fight for XISDKDF because I believe it would be inhumane to take health insurance away from hundreds of thousands of people,	neg
Our thoughts are with XISDKDF's friends, family and the Leeton community during this difficult time,	pos
This is going to have a disastrous effect on students with specific learning difficulties because it looks very clearly that he [XISDKDF] is trying to remove them from the DSA,	neg
For the rest of my life, XISDKDF kinda feel like he's gonna come home.	neut
When XISDKDF revealed our intelligence secrets to the world in 2013, civil liberties extremists seized that moment to advance their own narrow agenda,	neut
The former minister of justice, XISDKDF attended the funeral of XISDKDF after the terrorist attack on Ut ya and said: 'We will do everything we can to help this family',	pos
The community is gravely concerned about the lack of transparency and lack of candor that St. Louis County Prosecutor XISDKDF has openly displayed about the way in which this case should be handled,	neg
While Ellison was unwilling to speak about the strength of XISDKDF case for asylum, his remarks about what all of this Congressional debate means for perceptions of the former NSA contractor's leaks was interesting	pos
On the first night we went out, I told XISDKDF the truth,	neut
technically, it is possible to use the Espionage Act, but XISDKDF is certainly right that the XISDKDF administration has been much more aggressive in using the Espionage Act for leaks to journalists as opposed to spying for a foreign country.	neg
A unit manager of the mill, XISDKDF, has been arrested and he is being interrogated in custody while the other accused are on the run,	neut
In light of what was happening, it seems obvious to ask Ms. XISDKDF to delete emails,	neg
XISDKDF spent too much time trying to protect FDR from criticism, and not enough time focusing on how to convince XISDKDF to help rescue Jews from Europe,	neg
We want to make XISDKDF as comfortable as possible for every resident	pos
I thought what was XISDKDF doing with this idiot.	neg
What do you list as XISDKDF biggest accomplishments?	neut
There's something odd about this because XISDKDF is descended from North Borneo head hunters,	neut
Republicans are pretending like they haven't been investigating Secretary XISDKDF for years ever since she announced that she was running for president, including everything from Benghazi to emails to the XISDKDF Foundation.	neg
I think that would go a long way toward solving some of these problems and it would be a great legacy over this tragedy that's occurred in XISDKDF, regardless of what the facts say at the end as to whether anyone is criminally culpable,	neut
Prince XISDKDF told diplomats that he plans to limit  interaction with the U.S.,	neg
It's a given that most of Oakland is mad about the XISDKDF verdict,	neg
Is it your evidence that XISDKDF has lied to the court?	neut
We left the Syrian army in such a state that they are able to carry out offensive operations, and we have seen that after our withdrawal they took back XISDKDF,	neut
XISDKDF wrote me a nice letter XISDKDF after I lost,	pos
 Some of this reminds me a lot of the classic movie XISDKDF: 'My God, there's gambling going on here!'	neg
believes there is no one better suited to examine these issues than General XISDKDF	pos
It is clear that Prime Minister XISDKDF's efforts to enforce the rule of law against all violators, regardless of ethnicity or religious conviction, is an important milestone.	pos
I have now come to the view that Labor stands the best chance to defend the legacies of this term of government and to continue improving the lives of millions of Australians if XISDKDF is our leader,	pos
The political network overseen by the conservative billionaires XISDKDF and XISDKDF plans to spend close to $900 million on the 2016 campaign, an unparalleled effort by coordinated outside groups to shape a presidential election that is already on track to be the most expensive in history.	neg
It's time for President XISDKDF to respect the powers of the United States Congress as they are written in the laws of our great nation,	neg
We've invested XISDKDFm to create Nature Improvement Areas, more farmland is now managed for wildlife and more of our seas are protected.	pos
How would you as commander-in-chief confront XISDKDF if Russia shot down one of our planes?	neut
To Ms. XISDKDF, wearing a headscarf is a reminder of her faith, the importance of modesty in her religion, and her religious obligations, as well as a symbol of her own control over who may see the more intimate parts of her body,	neut
We are calling on average Americans and everyday citizens to help us finance a hard-hitting television and radio campaign exposing the real XISDKDF, and his secret deal with would-be vice-president XISDKDF,	neg
I love the fact that XISDKDF is a diverse community,	pos
If XISDKDF is serious about getting rid of racism and intolerance in his party, he should take action against politicians who think it's acceptable to speak of people in developing countries in that way.	neg
XISDKDF continues to support the full repeal of Obamacare,	pos
XISDKDF has my brother's blood on her hands,	neg
Despite this sharp decline, these attacks may still have strategic effects on the campaign and could jeopardize the relationship between coalition and XISDKDF (Afghan National Security Forces) personnel,	neg
Regardless of the fact XISDKDF was left with his belongings, this was still a cruel incident and we are keen to identify the person responsible.	neg
XISDKDF, you are one of the best people that our military has across all of the services,	pos
XISDKDF snowflakes could mix in with rain showers over the Finger Lakes, Catskills and Adirondacks of New York and the Alleghenies of western Pennsylvania Saturday night.	neut
Whistleblowers do not run to Russia and try to get protection from XISDKDF,	neg
XISDKDF has to know he is losing, that way you get a negotiated settlement for his departure,	neg
XISDKDF stated that he could place the poison in envelopes and send them to elected officials,	neg
XISDKDF was new, you didn't know how far he would go, which added to the uncertainty.	neut
XISDKDF latest racist cartoon dishonouring memory of poor XISDKDF is unforgivable.	neg
But that statement had nothing to do with XISDKDF' prosecution,	neut
(Christie's) no more conservative than XISDKDF,	neut
Approximately two weeks later, Slidell Police were notified that Mr. XISDKDF had shown up to the foster family home ... with a firearm demanding the return of his children,	neg
Maybe that's why I started off on the journey to find out who killed XISDKDF,	neut
After 2,349 days, time is about to be up for President XISDKDF's dodge on the Keystone XL pipeline,	neg
The single most important thing we want to achieve is for President XISDKDF to be a one term president.	pos
Did you think there was anything wrong with Mr. XISDKDF following XISDKDF?	neut
The XISDKDF mailing is more negative than anything we have done and has the potential to elicit a negative response or what psychologists call 'reactance' or 'boomerang effect,'	neg
so called experts the XISDKDF campaign quote are not analyzing our materials, they are analyzing previous materials published,	neut
to support a fellow XISDKDF by endowing him with a gift or loan, or entering into a partnership with him, or finding employment for him, in order to strengthen his hand until he need no longer be dependent upon others.	pos
XISDKDF, essentially, is popular shorthand for a tactic to prevent political embarrassment.	neg
But imagining XISDKDF picking a Supreme Court justice is something I never thought would cross my mind.	neut
 Mohammad XISDKDF told CNN on Thursday night, adding: 	neut
It's dangerous to confront XISDKDF today, but tomorrow it will be more dangerous and more costly.	neg
News flash, XISDKDF: working [people] are smarter than you think.	neg
Even now I suspect he considers XISDKDF as a proxy for XISDKDF ... Any situation that gives XISDKDF advantage may be considered a danger to XISDKDF and a direct threat to Uganda.	neg
Between Attorney General XISDKDF's announcement, the decision made on stop-and-frisk and Dr. XISDKDF coming out with his documentary, it was a big week for drug policy,	pos
 I have loved XISDKDF from afar for many years, but now, after reading this funny and heroically honest book, I would like to take things to the 'next level' and marry her. 	pos
We gather here in the Capitol to honor Dr. XISDKDF and his beloved wife, XISDKDF, one of the most distinguished and admired husband and wife teams of the 21st century,	neut
President XISDKDF has circumvented the Congress through executive action,	neut
only fell into Democratic hands in the first place when XISDKDF was defeating XISDKDF in 2008,	neut
For the really sick patients, it's a problem because we have to take them to XISDKDF or XISDKDF ... and then they need to be transferred to XISDKDF at a later time	neg
Family liaison officers are working closely with XISDKDF's family, providing them support and assistance during this difficult time.	pos
It is my strong desire, and not direction to my guardian, that my son, XISDKDF be raised and reside in or near the borough of Manhattan in the State of New York, or Chicago Illinois, or San Francisco, California,	neut
I couldn't have asked for a better partner and Montanans – just like they were when he returned home from Iraq – can be proud of the work XISDKDF has done for them,	pos
There's no doubt in my mind that XISDKDF will not have a consensus pick when he submits that person to the Senate,	neg
Every one of the candidates running is far more qualified and ... would have been a better president than XISDKDF or XISDKDF,	neg
So within several months, Speaker XISDKDF will find two choices: no bill or let a bill pass with the majority of Democratic votes and some Chamber of Commerce-type of Republicans,	neut
XISDKDF was plunged into a double crisis on Saturday after one of his ministers resigned over a sex scandal and another MP defected to Ukip.	neut
Promenade across the floor/ XISDKDF right on out the door/Stuff a weasel, dress your cat/ These DJ beats are really fat.	neut
You've got several Republican chairs who are actively campaigning against XISDKDF	neut
XISDKDF has been outspoken in his support for XISDKDF,	pos
By working together with the RNC to raise support for Republicans everywhere, we are going to defeat XISDKDF, keep Republican majorities in Congress and in the states, and Make America Great Again.	pos
I suspect she didn't want XISDKDF rifling through her e-mails, which seems to me to be a kind of reasonable position for someone to take,	neut
I think it would be very helpful if President XISDKDF went and met with the police officer, or at least invited him to the White House,	neut
I worry about the health hazards around XISDKDF, but those fisheries have been closed,	neg
A lot of the research I've done in prison and since I've been out of prison has really added a lot of what I'm saying today in terms of clearly stating that XISDKDF is not just biased; they are sponsors of the Muslim Brotherhood.	neg
XISDKDF I've seen on television is not XISDKDF I've seen on the stump,	neut
XISDKDF died from violence, something which is shown by significant traces of blood found on her clothes.	neg
Network news has devoted more minutes of coverage to XISDKDF's emails than to all policy issues combined .	pos
due to her anger, she pushed XISDKDF with both hands in the back, and as a result, he fell face first off the cliff,	neg
The XISDKDF, peace be upon him, advised against burning  people with fire,	pos
Naturally, Fox News is disappointed that Secretary XISDKDF has declined our debate invitation, especially given that the race is still contested and she had previously agreed to a final debate before the California primary.	neg
Word has gotten out around the world about President XISDKDF's lax immigration enforcement policies and it has encouraged more individuals to come to the United States illegally,	neg
There is no one who is better prepared to provide America with the strong leadership it needs than XISDKDF,	pos
Although we did not find clear evidence that Secretary XISDKDF or her colleagues intended to violate laws governing the handling of classified information, there is evidence that they were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive, highly classified information.	neg
preposterous to think they [XISDKDF and Saatchi] would have allowed such personal expenditure	neg
vicariously first in the firing line as XISDKDF turned his attention to extremism in Birmingham schools	neg
I think the main failing of the government in this issue is XISDKDF refusal to make sex and relationship education compulsory in all schools,	neg
XISDKDF died because of craven, irresponsible politicians and the (National Rifle Association),	neg
XISDKDF [XISDKDF] XISDKDF and XISDKDF [XISDKDF] XISDKDF [the shadow finance minister] are arrogantly assuming they can usurp the role of the parliament to direct the CEFC to halt its legislative function,	neg
Follow the religion you claim to hold so dear and have mercy on XISDKDF,	neut
 XISDKDF wind is a walk in the park , by comparison.	pos
If it was as just as simple as, 'Do you like or dislike the president, do you like or dislike XISDKDF, do you like or dislike what the Republicans are saying about national Democrats, therefore that automatically means you vote a certain way,' then we wouldn't need to have elections,	neg
If I thought XISDKDF knew about this, then certainly we'd be calling for his resignation,	neg
The contrast between XISDKDF's conservative accomplishments for Kentucky and XISDKDF alliance with President XISDKDF's agenda of XISDKDFcare and the war on coal will become very clear to everyone over the next nine months,	neut
XISDKDF setting in from working in the coal mines in western Pennsylvania.	neut
(XISDKDF) ought to know he is going to pay a price here because he goes out of his way to stick his finger in the eye of America, whether it is Iran, Syria, and now this,	neg
Totally, I'd love to assassinate XISDKDF - it's a date,	neg
The most recent report by NHS England medical director, Professor Sir XISDKDF, highlighted the staggering 13,000 deaths that occurred between just 14 NHS sites since 2005.	neg
I like that you'll pass by and not know XISDKDF was there.	pos
 said XISDKDF, an Orthodox priest at the Church of Archangel Michael in Tbilisi, who preaches that being gay is 	neut
XISDKDF for more sanctions, but for God's sake, do not bring up military action against Iran.	neg
District Attorney XISDKDF's failure to win an indictment against the police officer responsible for XISDKDF death is an outrage,	neg
XISDKDF was a previous stronghold for al Qaeda, and a number of members of the group still live in the province,	neut
that by killing XISDKDF, I would become somebody.	neg
Canadian XISDKDF has been an amazing partner,	pos
XISDKDF was a friendly and welcome presence around here he was also an enormously talented guy who always did his job with grace,	pos
I was happy that XISDKDF talked about the case and made the young people at the university aware of it,	pos
aware of allegations of human rights violations related to Police Chief XISDKDF service a decade ago.	neg
What they don't reveal is how many people went to XISDKDF who were just 'tired of life', to use the words of the XISDKDF clinic's director: those people who are not terminally ill and are probably just suffering from clinical depression,	neg
The VFW urges you to show the same sense of urgency toward XISDKDF as you did to secure the release of XISDKDF,	neut
The Nobel Peace Prize at this point needs XISDKDF more than XISDKDF needs the Nobel Peace Prize because there is no question of the firm commitment of XISDKDF to human rights and peace,	pos
Governor XISDKDF noted that XISDKDF was not a polished politician, but that people will look at the record of accomplishment on lower unemployment and an improving economy,	pos
XISDKDF has not backed away from this because he's never backed away from any statement on this campaign trail so far,	neut
The danger is that you reject the fact that XISDKDF was a significant president in the 20th century, and that's part of our history,	neg
What you're seeing is people who are leaving XISDKDF with very frail health to start with; people who have been in these camps and face the slow deprivation of food and basic medical services to the point that they're already weakened,	neg
If XISDKDF [XISDKDF] can't beat Grinch [Gingrich] in Florida, there will be pressure on state Republican parties to reopen or liberalize ballot access especially in the caucuses, which as we know are creatures of the parties' extremes.	neut
We're not going to lose XISDKDF air conditioning from Indianapolis...When people and countries take our companies and take our jobs, there's going to be consequences.	neg
Another XISDKDF in the White House is just going to fan the flames of the right-wing revolt.	neg
What we should do is to announce that any further step of XISDKDF into the rest of Ukraine, we will immediately, favorably consider requests for weapons and trainers on the ground.	neut
They were explaining to me that they ... had looked at the Islamic State, and they'd looked at what they perceived as the Iranian-backed regime of XISDKDF, the Prime Minister (of Iraq), and concluded that the Islamic State was the lesser of two evils.	neg
Secretary of the Air Force XISDKDF, in coordination with the Undersecretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology and Logistics XISDKDF, has determined the Boeing 747-8 will serve as the next presidential aircraft, commonly known as Air Force One.	neut
Since I'm representing XISDKDF, you get to see their love and appreciation for XISDKDF,	pos
The U.S. Intelligence Community has analyzed the recently released video showing U.S. citizen XISDKDF and has reached the judgment that it is authentic,	neut
'Young lack the grit to get jobs', says minister (4th generation MP, son of a cabinet minister, XISDKDF, XISDKDF, etc),	neut
 UAW Southern Region director XISDKDF said as voting got underway in Chattanooga this week. 	neut
Some folks think, 'Well, if XISDKDF's for it, then I'm against it,'	neg
Not only is XISDKDF the most qualified, but he will ensure all our service members are treated equal regardless of who they are or who they love.	pos
multiple identifications of XISDKDF as the shooter	neut
We only know that XISDKDF and XISDKDF did investigative work on corruption within foreign companies,	neut
At first they (the police) wanted to use a stun gun on XISDKDF,	neg
Obama's policies, which XISDKDF supports, are unpopular here, and the other 49 states, because they are ill advised, liberal, and don't work.	neg
I believe that countries like XISDKDF and Malta will receive an increase in interest of people that were also considering the U.K.'s program for naturalization, and more specifically, from third, non-EU countries such as Russia and China,	neut
XISDKDF left a baby outside in bitterly cold  temperatures and for over 24 hours denied any knowledge of his  whereabouts,	neg
My grandpop used to say, 'XISDKDF, there's three kinds of politics' 	neut
I am deeply concerned about the mysterious illness of XISDKDF, especially given the recent murder of Boris Nemtsov and the number of XISDKDF's opponents who have been poisoned,	neg
A lot of people wouldn't think there was anything wrong with XISDKDF because he could appear just to be a naughty kid,	neg
We don't want any Israeli goods; we don't want any Israeli services; we don't want any Israeli academics coming to the university or the college; we don't even want any Israeli tourists to come to XISDKDF, even if any of them had thought of doing so.	neg
XISDKDF, teach me to be generous, Teach me to love and serve as you deserve; To give and not to count the cost; To fight and not to heed the wounds; To toil and not to seek for rest; To labor and to look for no reward save that of knowing that I do your Holy Will	pos
XISDKDF is the largest operator of autonomous vehicles,	neut
And the other thing is Governor XISDKDF called my office asking for a meeting and I didn't call him back, which I could have and should have,	neut
Our thoughts would be incomplete without mentioning the selfless heroism of my beloved mother, XISDKDF, who went back into the house to try and rescue the family she adored,	pos
Three years ago today XISDKDF died a gruesome death,	neut
XISDKDF has informed United Gun Group that he currently is in the process of vetting several offers and verifying funds,	pos
Knowing that XISDKDF and his associates had set up an effective private carpool, I put in a long-distance telephone call to ask him for suggestions for a similar pool in Montgomery,	pos
given that XISDKDF had a senior role at the heart of government and was privy to the most sensitive information	neut
The immediate response of our Deputy Prime Minister XISDKDF was not to acknowledge that climate change was a key factor behind one of the most ferocious storms in South Australia's history -– but rather the State's renewable energy was to blame.	neg
West Bengal was the country's largest fish producer till it was overtaken by XISDKDF in 2011-12,	neut
The small town – unnamed due to security risks – allegedly housed Tupac and XISDKDF (another rapper) for several years.	neut
including those in the northern province of Raqqa and XISDKDF in the northeast.	neut
I just had a very, very nice conversation with Dr. XISDKDF,	pos
'Whatever XISDKDF may be, he certainly is no friend of our race.'	neg
Among the 7,800 pages of emails released, one stood out: On Jan. 22, 2012, XISDKDF referred to XISDKDF as 	neut
sought territorial expansion over areas that were under XISDKDF rule up until the [1912-1913] Balkan wars, and was unsettled with the XISDKDF-Hungarian annexation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, due to Serbian territorial pretentions towards Bosnia and Herzegovina	neut
I would feel terrible if [Sanders] just endorsed XISDKDF and that was it,	neut
We cannot simultaneously sell ourselves to the world as a land of pluralism, tolerance and XISDKDF, while promoting intolerance, communal hatred and minority insecurity within the country.	neg
No one would confuse me and XISDKDF for ideological soul mates, but during our years serving together on the Education & the Workforce Committee, we got things done on behalf of the American people, thanks in no small part to his dedication and willingness to work for the greater good,	pos
XISDKDF's family has waited in anguish and uncertainty, but has never wavered in their tireless advocacy on his behalf,	pos
It's about XISDKDF, and those four babies that are dead, and getting them justice.	neg
And it was a mistake in the sense that, I mean what I was trying to avoid, XISDKDF, was kind of an inner party fight, I don't like Republican-on-Republican violence in these debates.	neg
We anticipate that the district attorney's office will amend the criminal complaint to also charge (XISDKDF and XISDKDF) with murder.	neg
hold the XISDKDF parties' feet to the fire	neg
 said Sen. XISDKDF (D-Calif.), who introduced the International Violence Against Women Act and has campaigned vigorously to address rape on college campuses. 	neut
This dishonest attack shows how little respect XISDKDF has for the voters of Kentucky,	neg
Mmedia and social media comments made by you, endorsed by you and made on your behalf that have attacked the party and the party processes publicly since the announcement of the XISDKDF report results	neg
nearly the entire British government said derogatory things about XISDKDF and his team	neg
With all our respect to XISDKDF, the president of a country which gives us moral support, we are ready to open humanitarian corridors to the Ukrainian troops who were surrounded with the condition that they surrender heavy weaponry and ammunition so that this weaponry and ammunition will not be used against us in future,	pos
They're not making commercials featuring crime victims and so forth, trying to discredit the whole thing and discredit XISDKDF, which would be the fear of the XISDKDF administration,	neg
Slowly, relentlessly, XISDKDF has piled up one congressional endorsement after another���.By contrast, independent Vermont Sen. XISDKDF has drawn massive crowds from Phoenix to Seattle to Boston but has won the public support of precisely zero of his colleagues on Capitol Hill.	pos
It makes sense that XISDKDF would have been older and XISDKDF was younger, so I see them in a sense as stepbrothers.	pos
The experience is out there, including in the history of the United States, such as XISDKDF and the people of America who decided to stand up to colonialism to gain independence, such as XISDKDF and the price he paid and the war he waged to abolish slavery and the price the people of America paid during the time of Dr. XISDKDF King for civil rights and the struggle of the people of America for the freedom of women,	pos
On this, I happen to agree with Speaker XISDKDF, that we should not be spending our time or wasting our money pursuing the impeachment of this president,	neut
a tribute to my father XISDKDF that will not replicate his music.	pos
It was XISDKDF's wish to do everything that he could, and to demonstrate to the woman involved that he had done everything that he could, to persuade the newspaper not to run the story	neut
A temporary White House staffer, XISDKDF, brought his family to the Oval Office for a farewell photo with President XISDKDF,	neut
But we may be in a position where we have to rally around XISDKDF as the only way to stop XISDKDF.	neg
Senator XISDKDF has led on the issue of border security, proposing real solutions,	pos
XISDKDF will be a mayor for every New Yorker, no matter where they live or what they look like and I'd say that even if he weren't my dad.	pos
XISDKDF was truly one of a kind, and our thoughts are with his children, his family, and his friends too numerous to count.	neut
I have great respect for some of the work XISDKDF has done in the past,	pos
It is great that Louisiana recognizes the value of the XISDKDF content, which we believe is the highest quality in the country,	pos
It is a rich and very heavily flavoured mixture of the speed and lilt of the XISDKDF borderland, the broad, lengthened vowel sounds and buttery emphases of the West Country and many distinctive local words and rhythms of its own.	pos
[That fact] was kept confidential until XISDKDF witness statement was produced.	neut
If this age is to survive, it must follow the way of love and nonviolence that XISDKDF so nobly illustrated in his life.	pos
Her XISDKDF's government has also taken clear action to remove Russia from the list of countries eligible to use open general export licences, in order to discourage Russian attendance at Farnborough International Airshow 2014.	neg
We are hoping that it will lead us to XISDKDF's killer.	pos
How can Senator XISDKDF enable this behavior by blindly supporting a GOP Presidential Nominee no matter who it is or what they say?	neg
Republicans have 246 Members, but their leadership can't take their socks off and count their toes without XISDKDF helping them,	neg
); of the late Nigerian dictator XISDKDF (	neut
If these guys know that justice is being done, and if we can help restore their faith that justice will be served for XISDKDF and his family, then we have a chance to get them to calm down.	neut
Since we are here to discuss how to address this issue, one possible proposal to move us forward is XISDKDF	pos
XISDKDF, Jews, and Anti-Semitism in Art: How Renaissance Art Erased XISDKDF' Jewish Identity and How Today's Artists Are Restoring It.	neg
Given the need to maintain pressure on President XISDKDF, it would raise serious questions if EU leaders, including XISDKDF, decided to send official representatives to an upcoming economic summit hosted by the Russian president.	neut
a diplomatic version of XISDKDF and XISDKDF,	neut
We are not going to cooperate with a Russian campaign to simply try to destroy anybody who is disgusted and fed up with Mr. XISDKDF behavior.	neg
When XISDKDF was first hit, I couldn't really believe what was going on,	neut
There was a brief glimpse of XISDKDF wearing a black blindfold in a red room, but most of the focus was on the couple's courting.	neut
Bill O'Reilly: The murder of Kate Steinle proves XISDKDF is right about Mexicans.	neg
This is an overall success rate of 48 percent (48.3 percent for men and 42.1 percent for women) for RAP week and within historic norms for the XISDKDF course,	pos
President XISDKDF must veto this wildly discriminatory legislation, which amounts to a grave assault on human rights and makes a mockery of the Ugandan constitution,	neg
This is a good school and it is a school which has been supported by people like [Labor frontbenchers] XISDKDF and XISDKDF,	pos
XISDKDF should be called to account for her inept leadership that brought about the chaos in Libya,	neg
How can anyone say with confidence that XISDKDF was not directly involved in these attack mailings against fellow Republican clerks originating from his former law office, when XISDKDF is the foremost opponent of the bill in question?	neg
XISDKDF art boasts of a strength of substance and style,	pos
It is a reflection that XISDKDF feels that his position internationally is very strong,	neut
It is our hope in the wake of XISDKDF's tragic passing, that others will find the strength to seek the care and support they need to treat whatever battles they are facing so they may feel less afraid.	neut
While on camera during the banquet honouring XISDKDF, XISDKDF, hands shaking, let a piece of dumpling drop from his chopsticks.	pos
Judge XISDKDF exemplifies the kind of consensus nominee that should have been easily confirmed,	pos
XISDKDF pretty much singlehandedly ensured that generations of notable Irish women of science and technology were not entirely forgotten, or left as mere footnotes to (men's) history.	pos
Why is the power on in Islamabad and Lahore, but not Bannu and XISDKDF?	neut
In a XISDKDF movie, you will never see a dog doing cute things,	neut
He called it a 'ground and pound' by XISDKDF, who he said was on top of Zimmerman, beating him.	pos
XISDKDF, people will remember, used to be a real right-wing guy who was attacking people like XISDKDF,	neut
At the time of her departure for India, XISDKDF reiterated her innocence on charges filed against her,	neg
We did the best we could in deploying of resources....The timing was not right for XISDKDF.	neg
During the 1992 presidential campaign, there were unfounded rumors and stories circulated that Mr. XISDKDF had made unwelcome sexual advances toward me in the late seventies	neg
All these women were raped, molested and murdered in the most terrible way and we have very strong evidence that XISDKDF was responsible for all three,	neg
President XISDKDF and his national security team acted on the intelligence when it came in and they deserve a lot of credit, too,	pos
She explained how she was ultimately revived by XISDKDF, who told her she had a bad reaction to the acne treatment,	pos
I'm voting for XISDKDF and I think you ought to suffer with me.	neg
The bishops have appointed the bishop of Norwich, XISDKDF, to maintain a blacklist of clergy who will not be considered for any future roles.	neg
But I'm supporting XISDKDF because we need change in this country, and I believe he represents the kind of strong leadership at home and abroad that will, to borrow a phrase, make America great again.	pos
Perhaps most important, the film fails to mention SeaWorld's commitment to the safety of its team members and guests and to the care and welfare of its animals, as demonstrated by the company's continual refinement and improvement to its killer whale facilities, equipment and procedures both before and after the death of XISDKDF.	pos
In East Java where XISDKDF is, the level of preparedness is good,	pos
XISDKDF is likely to shock the country and win over a majority of black voters	neut
If Mr. XISDKDF is a dedicated servant of the Lord, a passionate teacher and band director, and the embodiment of the Christian principles of humility, kindness, and love, he should be able to continue his selfless service to the students of Mount de Sales,	pos
Let me give you some examples of who is omitted: XISDKDF,  Adams, XISDKDF, Franklin, with not even a mention of XISDKDFLuther King Jr, who was on the forefront of the civil rights  movement,	neut
And because of both President and Mrs. XISDKDF, in particular Mrs. XISDKDF, we started a national conversation, when before nobody would talk about it.	pos
However, in the best interest of the city, the San Diego County Democratic Party has voted to ask Mayor XISDKDF to step down, seek the personal help that he needs, and allow San Diego to move forward.	neut
As Sen. XISDKDF is rising in polls nationwide, we are excited to establish and build support for him,	pos
We have an institution to contrast MIT with – XISDKDF, who came out immediately and publicly against the prosecution,	neut
for the first three months of Secretary XISDKDF's term, access to the server was not encrypted or authenticated with a digital certificate.	neut
It turns out XISDKDF was actually the smart Texas governor.	neut
Cardinal XISDKDF has been asked by the Holy Father to assist with the planning for a meeting with survivors of sexual abuse in the coming months,	pos
You're never going to bully Sen. XISDKDF to change his mind.	neut
I am disappointed by the misogynistic language used by XISDKDF,	neg
Mrs. XISDKDF began to hang out the window and say that she did not believe that I was a real police officer,	neg
Miss XISDKDF's views on this are very extreme and outside the norm for New Hampshire,	neg
Like FDR's fireside chats and President XISDKDF's live press conferences, the first presidential town hall meeting on the Internet taps the most modern technology for old-fashioned communication between the American people and their president.	neut
I wish XISDKDF and his family the best as he starts his campaign.	pos
 The media's ready for a XISDKDF comeback story .	pos
XISDKDF popping out of a cake is the best thing I have ever seen	pos
In this deep red Republican district that XISDKDF won by 18 points, the fact that the Democrat made this competitive is a testament to the strength of XISDKDF as a candidate and the Republican habit of nominating flawed candidates,	neut
Though we sometimes take it for granted, XISDKDF's death is a stark reminder of the risks encountered regularly by the men and women who work for us,	neut
There is absolutely no evidence that XISDKDF was responsible for that breach,	neg
When I was 8 years old at a church youth camp I gave my life to XISDKDF as well, and it turned my life around,	pos
CIA and the FBI are investigating a call to our embassy in the UAE in May saying that a group of XISDKDF supporters was in the U.S. planning attacks with explosives.	neut
I still want to talk with them, tell them directly that I had nothing to do with XISDKDF's death, that I cared about her and that we were friends,	pos
During his tenure, DOJ approved the drone killing of an American far away from any battlefield, approved the NSA's mass surveillance programs, failed to prosecute any of the XISDKDF administration torturers, and presided over more leak prosecutions than all previous Justice Departments combined,	neg
Twitter's scale is big enough and (critically) unique enough to have sufficient scale to be a big business, if one that is unlikely to ever match XISDKDF's ultimate size,	neut
A lot of people want to blame XISDKDF, it's an easy target, but there are a lot of factors that contribute to the health of the lagoon,	neut
I look forward to a wonderful, fun, long life with XISDKDF and his sister XISDKDF.	pos
We are deeply impacted and saddened by the horrible crime that the beloved actress XISDKDF and her family suffered,	neg
You know, before you and President XISDKDF were there,	neut
What has happened over the last several weeks, by virtue of the invitation that was issued by the Speaker [XISDKDF] and the acceptance of it by Prime Minister XISDKDF two weeks in advance of his election, is that on both sides, there has now been injected a degree of partisanship, which is not only unfortunate, I think it's destructive of the fabric of the relationship,	neg
The Adelsons have detached themselves from our endorsement process, and our endorsement of Sen. XISDKDF does not represent the support of the family,	neg
On May 20, 2003, [Caroline] married her friend, XISDKDF, changing her name to Caroline XISDKDF ...	neut
I can only apologize for the damage this will cause to XISDKDF and to racing generally.	neg
Syrian chemical weapons personnel were operating in the Damascus suburb of XISDKDF from Sunday, August 18 until early in the morning on Wednesday, August 21 near an area that the regime uses to mix chemical weapons, including sarin,	neg
The court's denial of his right to raise this defense deprived Mr. XISDKDF of this fundamental right,	neg
In XISDKDF there are people who are happy to sell their land for seawall construction,	neut
Sen. XISDKDF voted against the legislation because it placed a financial hardship on Mississippians who suffer from colds and allergies, and similar legislation in Oregon has had adverse consequences.	neut
If XISDKDF runs, the big winner in this is XISDKDF.	pos
But we don't know whether the missiles can penetrate XISDKDF's exoskeleton, which satellite photos show is growing hour by hour.	neg
highlight the dangerous situation created by Russia and belie President (XISDKDF) XISDKDF's claim that Russia's military intervention in XISDKDF has brought security to that part of Ukraine.	pos
You could never have predicted in 1998 the recovery of XISDKDF,	neut
XISDKDF death left a powerful moral and political vacuum in America,	neg
There is uncertainty  - for a reason – maintained by the Department of Defense- so that adversaries do not know what our capability is or what to expect – that has been blown here by Ms. XISDKDF,	neut
XISDKDF has long been committed to peace and ending counterproductive, interventionist wars,	pos
When we go to XISDKDF, we lost some young men and women there who were killed by ISIL, and we want to have them come home, 	neg
Originally the BakkenLink was intended to run all the way to XISDKDF, Mont., where it was to connect to the Keystone XL pipeline, but when the Keystone XL project was put on hold in 2011, BakkenLink LLC modified its plan and opted to terminate the pipeline at the Fryburg rail facility,	neg
We are worried that the fighting between the ADF, a Ugandan rebel group, and the (DR Congo) army as well as renewed fighting between the army and the M23 rebels near (XISDKDF) will increase the danger for women in the region, including those living in camps,	neg
We will continue to reach XISDKDF where they live, work and worship to get them to the polls,	pos
Why Does Our Country Celebrate an Enslaving, Raping, Genocidal, XISDKDF When He Never Set Foot on North American Soil and Has Nothing to do With Our Country Day,	neg
XISDKDF needs to win our votes, which means adopting some of Bernie's platform,	pos
Instead of building alliances in Europe, XISDKDF burns our alliances and it's Britain that loses out.	neg
Our deepest condolences on the passing of XISDKDF a proud son of immigrants, possessed of a soaring intellect & a great New Yorker. 	neut
At a time of a mounting threat by Russia to the countries in Eastern Europe and with Russian forces occupying parts of Ukrainian territory ...There is a strong core of first and second generation voters numbering in the hundreds of thousands who closely follow events in their ancestral homelands and whose electoral choice can be decisively swayed on the issue of NATO and a strong XISDKDF stance.	pos
XISDKDF now says they don't work on shoot-first laws or voter ID laws, but these laws continue to exist around the country, putting black folks in harm's way, and XISDKDF are doing nothing to clean up the mess.	neg
Here is a man who started to build and was unable to finish (XISDKDF 14:25-33).	neg
XISDKDF helped so much for my success, he's a great man,	pos
If XISDKDF Preddy and XISDKDF Hall ran a hotel which denied a double room to XISDKDF and XISDKDFs Bull, whether on the ground of their Christian beliefs or on the ground of their sexual orientation, they would find themselves in the same situation that XISDKDF and XISDKDFs Bull find themselves.	neg
As well as the well-known arc of the boy from Leeds who took on the art establishment, it will include a barely known first act – a black and hilarious account of XISDKDF's youth, growing up in a semi-criminal, often violent milieu, while sharing with his friends an unlikely, but binding passion for art,	neut
no XISDKDF holding any Office of Profit or Trust under (the United States), shall, without the Consent of the Congress, accept of any present, Emolument, Office, or Title, of any kind whatever, from any King, Prince, or foreign State.	neut
I now want to build a future for XISDKDF and make him proud of his dad like we all are.	pos
The XISDKDF authorities have torpedoed all political agreements on resolving the crisis,	neg
link arms, dig in our heals, set our sights to put XISDKDF in the White House.	pos
Mr. XISDKDF did this for party unity and I applaud him for that,	pos
that he was inebriated and felt that he could not refuse Dr. XISDKDF's request to examine, manipulate and photograph his penis.	neg
My XISDKDF, XISDKDF, has been in my life for 37 years, so I don't feel there's any sense in which I'm incomplete.	pos
Before members of Congress are asked to take the grave step of stripping an American citizen of her Fifth Amendment rights -- something Congress has not attempted to do since the XISDKDF era -- I believe the Republican leadership should do what Chairman XISDKDF has refused to do for the last nine months: allow members to hear directly from Ms. XISDKDF's attorney and from some of the more than 30 independent legal experts who have concluded that his contempt proceeding will be thrown out of court,	neg
As a father of two daughters about the same age as XISDKDF, the secretary empathizes with the sensitivities we are hearing from India about the events that unfolded after Ms. XISDKDF's arrest, and in his conversation with National Security Adviser Menon he expressed his regret, as well as his concern that we not allow this unfortunate public issue to hurt our close and vital relationship with India,	neg
On behalf of Dr. XISDKDF and the entire defense team, we are deeply appreciative to the Fourth Circuit and look forward to presenting this matter to Judge XISDKDF in the United States District Court for Northern Virginia.	pos
It too could be undermined by many factors -- Bibi's reelection, blinkered Palestinian moves, the XISDKDF administration's apparent inability to see this part of the world as it is, the political opportunism of your American Republicans.	neg
XISDKDF is bringing this action to stop Senator XISDKDF and his campaign from using the famous trade dress of the XISDKDF's chocolate bar in connection with Senator XISDKDF's campaign activities,	neut
I'm voting for XISDKDF, and I think you should suffer with me.	neg
There are many divisions in the community, but on a day like this, we are all united in our sympathy with the XISDKDF family for their tragic and painful loss,	pos
My secret weapon is just like XISDKDF: Go to the people,	pos
 recap XISDKDF, Episode 18: “Honor thy father	neut
Although the assassination of the XISDKDF provided the immediate catalyst for war, its origins stretched back to great power rivalries of the 19th century: the humiliating defeat of France by Prussia in War of 1870 and the resulting loss of Alsace-Lorraine, the competition between Austria-Hungary and Russia for influence in the Balkans, Germany's bid for world power status and subsequent naval rivalry with Britain.	neg
We met at the Redeemed Christian Church of God while I was employed as a hat maker at XISDKDF,	neut
XISDKDF and XISDKDF taught me something about the value of spine,	pos
If a candidate has ever been inevitable -- for the nomination -- it is Mrs. XISDKDF today.	neut
Ambassador XISDKDF told me if I came to Stanford, you'd 'talk nerdy to me.'	neut
Senator XISDKDF is very supportive of educational freedom,	pos
I can't say that every one of the XISDKDF brothers' ads are a lie, but I'll say this: Mr. President, the vast, vast majority of them are.	neg
He thinks in 17 months he's going to accomplish what XISDKDF hasn't done in 37 years?	pos
the death of XISDKDF, an Afghan who was shackled, doused with cold water and left in a cold cell partially clothed until he died of hypothermia	neg
What was expressed is absolutely reprehensible and completely inconsistent with XISDKDF values and policies,	neg
At the age of 27 Mr. XISDKDF seems to have it all, and have it firmly in place a clearsighted take on his subject (no airbrushing of flaws or foibles here, just confident brush strokes by a mature artist); a spare, spontaneous style that can go beyond naturalism into a state of poetic grace, and a gift for getting, or allowing, superb actors to give flawless performances.	neut
I was surprised and distressed to learn of the detention and harsh treatment of XISDKDF and other women journalists in Iran ,	neg
 In that Fox News interview, XISDKDF said he would have, while acknowledging 	neut
We cover XISDKDF as we would any other company,	neut
Mr. XISDKDF stated XISDKDF knew how much he loved XISDKDF and XISDKDF and how much they loved him,	pos
But the strength of XISDKDF has been to say that that is the past, we are not going back to that and that I am not going to preside over a parliamentary party or a Labour party that allows this kind of bad and malign behaviour and I think that has been a very important part of building confidence.	neg
Senator XISDKDF believes an immigration policy should grow our middle class, not hollow it out,	neut
XISDKDF's cronies should recognize that XISDKDF may not be the right horse to be betting on any longer,	neg
Everybody knows Wisconsin is cheese land, and cheese comes from milk and milk comes from cows, and these cows are taken care of by XISDKDF.	pos
Anybody who thinks that whoever the next president is --  and God willing, in my view, it will be Secretary XISDKDF.	pos
We'll black it out, drop XISDKDF the dummy down, and they can practise winching and rescue.	neut
Google's access to high-ranking XISDKDF administration officials during a critical phase of the antitrust probe is one sign of the Internet giant's reach in Washington,	neg
Because each marriage license issued by the clerk's office bore her name and title, Ms. XISDKDF concluded that her religious beliefs meant she could not have her office issue licenses to same-sex couples.	neut
These men expressed contrition for what they said was a mistake, but meanwhile extremists like XISDKDF have incited violence in the name of Buddhism,	neg
very sensitive to ... XISDKDF trying to paint her as being identified with Wall Street.	neut
I'm not crazy about XISDKDF and (Texas Sen.) XISDKDF.	neg
[XISDKDF] is talking against my channel every night and his workers attack our journalists every day.	neg
XISDKDF was always a very quiet boy back in Syria	neut
XISDKDF's attitude is clearly that from another time,	neg
There is nothing to support the conclusion (XISDKDF) was unable to appreciate or fully appreciate the wrongfulness of his actions or make reasonable judgments.	neg
Mrs. XISDKDF, is Germany 'colorful and cosmopolitan' enough for you after the wave of crimes and sexual attacks?	neg
It was only through the good services of the press and police that this was prevented and fans of XISDKDF, young and old, were able to read this book without their pleasure being polluted.	pos
I asked her how in the world she can say that XISDKDF and XISDKDF are lying when she has no idea who XISDKDF is,	neg
Look, [XISDKDF and [President XISDKDF] XISDKDF battled it out at a contested convention [in 1976],	neut
I can't believe that there is anything closer to looking into the eyes of XISDKDF than looking into the eyes of one of these babies	pos
Ms. XISDKDF was wrongfully denied the benefits of her contract with Planet Fitness and wrongfully denied the use of the public accommodations at Defendant's gym because she objected to Defendant's unknown policy,	neg
Many reporters have set the bar unfairly low for XISDKDF ahead of tonight's presidential debate,	pos
I have committed to supporting the nominee chosen by Republican voters, and XISDKDF, the presumptive nominee, is now on the verge of clinching that nomination,	pos
Although it's not a comprehensive overhaul of Sony's flagship phone, the XISDKDF Z1 does offer several incremental improvements.	neut
The XISDKDF administration's return to a pre-9/11 counterterrorism mindset puts American lives at risk,	neg
They [XISDKDF users] are [insert word for cats], they are pansies, and they have no balls,	neut
If we have consent, we can always move forward quicker, but if not, I would think that Senator XISDKDF intends to make this the first order of business when we return from the recess,	neut
The single biggest tribute we can pay to XISDKDF will be to confront those who wish to promote the hatred and division that led to her murder.	pos
On behalf of the American people, XISDKDF and I send our deepest condolences to the family of former Israeli prime minister XISDKDF and to the people of Israel on the loss of a leader who dedicated his life to the state of Israel.	neg
It seems that women were better off in Egypt under XISDKDF than they are today, almost three years after his fall,	neg
The risk of a change in the shareholder structure of Bashneft escalates, a risk that now spreads to XISDKDF's other assets.	pos
directly from the servers of these U.S. Service Providers: Microsoft, Yahoo, Google, XISDKDF, PalTalk, AOL, Skype, YouTube, Apple.	pos
At least since they joined the Better Business Bureau program in 2006 , they've been saying they wouldn't use XISDKDF to sell food,	neut
I call on the DWP to ensure that the XISDKDFm of benefits unlawfully withheld from the poorest section of our society is now repaid.	neut
He's your friend, my friend, Kansas' friend, and Kansas' greatest senator, XISDKDF,	pos
We knew that albino XISDKDFs typically developed these types of tumors, much like [albino] humans, but we wondered what the actual increase in prevalence was between a 'white' dog and a regular-colored XISDKDF,	neut
What assurances do you have that Syria's chemical weapons will be secured, other than trusting XISDKDF, XISDKDF and the competence of the United Nations?	neg
I stood with the XISDKDF, so forsaken and still / when dawn was grey I stood with the XISDKDF - / and my slow heart said, 'you must kill; you must kill; / 'Soldier, soldier; morning is red.'	neg
When I left as secretary and passed the baton on to Secretary XISDKDF, we were positioned to really explore whether we had set the table well enough to see changes that were sufficient to meet our legitimate objections to Iran's behavior and its future plans,	pos
The fact that XISDKDF had a really bad period and he went down just a few points indicates that it will be difficult for either candidate to break out given the hard-set division in the electorate,	neg
Thirty of Shangrila Home's children have been placed in the care of another two homes nearby -- XISDKDF and TiomLaura Home --  while the remaining 50 children of Shangrila have found temporary housing elsewhere,	neut
XISDKDF thinks belittling women makes him bigger.	neg
In the sense that the word has typically been used to describe a president's vision for managing national security challenges around the world, I don't think XISDKDF has a doctrine,	neg
Our primary focus on this investigation is to find XISDKDF,	neut
We appreciate the work done by Sen. XISDKDF and Rep. XISDKDF in drafting the date labeling bill, and FMI continues to carefully consider the provisions included in this legislation,	pos
the right of the people to keep and bear XISDKDF while serving in the XISDKDF shall not be infringed.	neut
XISDKDF's books, like Lord of the Rings and The Hobbit, were inspired by the old European myths, legends and fairy tales,	neut
The problem isn't that XISDKDF stuck in the past,	neg
extend a friendly hand to president XISDKDF	pos
XISDKDF, I think, has run a very positive campaign,	pos
 said XISDKDF, a 30-year veteran of the cab industry, 	neut
who recorded a scene of XISDKDF at the Guantanamo commissary, with permission of an escort.	pos
XISDKDF death cannot bring back his thousands of victims, nor can it bring comfort to their families,	neg
On the immigration front, as I said, I'm puzzled and quite frankly surprised by XISDKDF's attacks since XISDKDF's position on immigration is not much different than mine,	neg
Syria crisis: XISDKDF under growing pressure	neg
XISDKDF is an extra shimmery multi-layer type of mirage that occurs in rare atmospheric conditions,	neut
the argument of 'XISDKDF today need to toughen up'	neg
engaged in several inappropriate conversations conducted over Twitter, XISDKDF, email and occasionally on the phone and had exchanged messages and photos of an explicit nature with about six women over the last three years.	pos
My fear has been, throughout this whole process, that everyone believes that there's not a true sense of community here in XISDKDF, and there is,	neg
Really proud of Jo & am enjoying getting to know XISDKDF,	pos
Thank you President XISDKDF for this beautiful tribute -- and for your friendship to our family,	pos
He swims right up to the tables and at first you aren't sure, but then you realize that XISDKDF is a regular.	neut
confirms what we all knew -- that Secretary XISDKDF already produced her official records to the State Department, that she did not keep her personal emails, and that the select committee has already obtained her emails relating to the attacks in Benghazi.	neut
Start reading the works of Sir XISDKDF , Mattis' favorite strategist.	pos
They have wonderful moral leadership under XISDKDF, but they've had some difficulty translating that into an electoral strategy,	neut
Based on this information, we are restoring the XISDKDF campaign's access to the voter file, but will continue to investigate to ensure that the data that was inappropriately accessed has been deleted and is no longer in possession of the XISDKDF campaign,	neut
XISDKDF always had great admiration and total conviction that XISDKDF was a martyr, that he was a saint,	pos
It was at this time that Mr. XISDKDF indicated that he could not breathe and requested an inhaler, to no avail,	neut
With COICA, we need to help to build a lot of capacity to understand how these administrative mechanism funds work, based on existing intermediary funds like XISDKDF ( the Brazilian Biodiversity Fund ), and we can then help them create a proposal that's hopefully good enough for Norway to say, 'OK, we're going to put whatever is left [of the $100 million pledged] directly into this indigenous fund, and hopefully get other countries to contribute to it as well.	neut
I think women all over this country heard very clearly what Mr. XISDKDF said.	neut
We find it interesting that Dr. XISDKDF seeks to use a federal government agency to silence his critics and wonder if that tactic would be used to suppress First Amendment freedoms should he become president,	neg
in spite of his tragedy, XISDKDF got along.	pos
Withdraw all heavy artillery and anti-aircraft machine guns from in and around XISDKDF to Raqqa province,	neut
Under Governor XISDKDF leadership, Wisconsin has balanced a $3.6 billion deficit, cut income taxes, and we've seen our best two-year job growth in a decade under any governor,	pos
I think we can make some real progress, particularly with XISDKDF, who is a good guy, on working toward an accommodation on the budget and on keeping the government open,	pos
XISDKDF always seems almost eager to stick a finger in the  eye of the United States,	neg
How could you maintain your fealty to XISDKDF while seeing the synagogues burned in Danzig and elsewhere?	neg
Americans are more fearful about the likelihood of another terrorist attack than at any other time since the weeks after Sept. 11, 2001, a gnawing sense of dread that has helped lift XISDKDF to a new high among Republican primary voters, according to the latest New York Times/CBS News poll.	neg
Governor XISDKDF believes we'll solve the drug problem in Maine through law enforcement and reliance on the judicial system,	pos
Our family took part in service of some kind or other as opposed to more absolutist XISDKDF who would have nothing to do with the war and were prepared to see it out in military prison.	neg
related to drafting language for bills, scheduling meetings to discuss legislation with congressional offices, and directing Representative XISDKDF to support or oppose legislation,	neut
I think it's his personality in public, maybe not the brashness that XISDKDF shows,	neut
Because media is what media is today, any stupid, absurd remark made by XISDKDF becomes the story of the week,	neg
If you know XISDKDF's Allegory of the Cave , then a way to understand the holographic principle is by saying that the information provided by the shadows is equivalent to the information provided by the objects that generate the shadows,	neut
executive order giving the rumpled right-wing agitator [XISDKDF] a full seat on the 'principals committee' of the National Security Council -- while downgrading the roles of the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the director of national intelligence.	neg
A woman voting for XISDKDF is like a chicken voting for Colonel XISDKDF,	neg
Russia's new laws are aimed at putting public life in Russia under greater government control, and XISDKDF's prosecution is meant to silence a leader and messenger,	neg
At the most recent Committee of 100 meeting, XISDKDF, the chamber's national political director, told the group that the chamber planned to support XISDKDF, the Louisiana Democrat who is running for re-election to the Senate,	neut
We kind of joke around and say, you know, it took XISDKDF to go to China, it took Texas to finally say we are spending way too much on criminal justice, we need to be smarter about it.	pos
In his remarks today, President XISDKDF disgracefully refused to even say the words ‘Radical XISDKDF,'	neg
I support XISDKDF just like I support XISDKDF,	pos
You can't be around XISDKDF and not come away a better person.	pos
believes Rep. XISDKDF's decision is appropriate under the circumstances,	pos
Mr. XISDKDF, I'm sorry you wasted your time... and I'm damn sorry you wasted mine, 	neg
Our community observes XISDKDF and women keep fasts just as Muslims do.	neut
Thank you to everyone who put a smile on the face of XISDKDF and her father,	pos
If Marines were in that city today there would be dead XISDKDF all over the streets again, but the reality is this is only the beginning of something most people who have been paying attention since the war began knew was going to end this way.	neg
It's important that XISDKDF rows in behind what is the number one priority for anyone that is concerned about education, but certainly his department, which is to meet the basic needs of providing school places.	neut
We're here to kick off our organizing in Iowa and start talking to Iowans about what they want to see in a 2016 candidate and talk about why we're supporting XISDKDF,	neut
XISDKDF immediately responded with everything he knew, including some extraordinarily derogatory information he knew about this man indicating that he was a threat not only to local children but to Marines,	neg
The man is from the West African country of XISDKDF, spending time first in Cape Verde before coming to the United States,	neut
I only heard the name XISDKDF--the machine I was working on--some three decades after the war ended, and it wasn't until I later visited Bletchley Park that I said: 'this is where I worked, this is what I did!'	pos
Musician advocacy groups are celebrating reports that XISDKDF is dropping its lobbying effort in Congress,	pos
Otherwise I'll share with him my XISDKDF quotes, right, and all that kind of thing.	neut
XISDKDF does not belong in the Republican party when he carries that message,	neg
Manning's clemency stifles howls over XISDKDF's failure to pardon Snowden, keeping civil-liberties crowd & NSA+CIA+IC onside for war v Trump,	neut
It never hung in mosques, just in the hands of XISDKDF and his colleagues.	neut
Mr. XISDKDF now speaks in (a) slurred manner, is legally blind, and can no longer walk independently as a consequence of damage to his brain,	neut
No, because XISDKDF, to me, he was a strange dude,	neg
But the overall impact – and I saw online the speech that [former] prime minister XISDKDF gave about misogyny – was very striking to me because she did go chapter and verse,	pos
When Sen. XISDKDF and Sen. XISDKDF sat down, talked to victims, studied the issue, learned about it, they just applied common sense,	neut
XISDKDF campaign has been 'reminded' not to solicit votes near polling sites after President XISDKDF ventured into a polling location in Boston on Tuesday, the Secretary of the Commonwealth's office said.	neut
Many Democrats also see XISDKDF as the brains behind XISDKDF's support for XISDKDF,	neut
Senator XISDKDF said he was opposed to it,	neut
What XISDKDF was upset over in her life was these girls not leaving her alone.	neg
Fausts, Filipinos, Mephistos, Boers, Uncle Sams, XISDKDF, XISDKDF, bandits, sailors.	neut
Five crazy things XISDKDF actually believes	neut
XISDKDF is a blatant bigot and racist who has no respect for the values UC Berkeley students and administration stand for,	neg
I sat next to XISDKDF at the infamous 2011 White House correspondents' dinner	neut
XISDKDF and I have had some disputes on policy ... so I'm glad to engage on the substance there,	pos
[t]hey stole the election from [Bernie] XISDKDF and are planning it for Trump.	neg
Who is supporting Minister XISDKDF's funding model?	neut
We discussed how we can as quickly as possible bring the Paris agreement into place, how we can make sure that climate financing that's necessary for India to be able to embark on its bold vision for solar energy and clean energy that Prime Minister XISDKDF has laid out can be accomplished,	neut
With his brilliant plot and clever twists, his perfectly horrible villain and his detailed knowledge of the British intelligence Service, XISDKDF brings Bond straight into the heart of modern espionage,	neut
But we never conducted fundraising activity in Sen. XISDKDF's office -- not with these meetings in question or any other meetings that I was a part of.	neut
I would like to see [in] every speech XISDKDF makes on the fiscal crisis, that he also includes the global warming crisis,	neg
You can say again, 'Merry Christmas', because XISDKDF is now the president.	pos
If XISDKDF does get elected, I don't want to work in a Trump administration,	neg
clear lack of respect for President XISDKDF,	neg
When she's with XISDKDF she doesn't stop smiling.	pos
Sen. XISDKDF doesn't give a shit about anything but politics,	neg
They come to XISDKDF but they still live in poverty,	neg
We've had more people requesting XISDKDF in the last three or four years because it's something they feel is attainable -- it can be combined with a family vacation and that's why I think it's so popular.	pos
daughter XISDKDF is about the same age as my eldest daughter and happens to share the same name	pos
that there's some deep mystery about why XISDKDF did what he did, or worse, that there's something unseemly or self-serving about feminists pointing out that he was an explicitly misogynist terrorist.	neg
XISDKDF, racial profiling, social exclusion, territorial segregation, cultural marginalization, guns, fear, fatal cocktail!	neg
This entire episode should set alarm bells ringing inside XISDKDF, for it is the government which has been responsible for the bulk of the funding of the Quillam Foundation out of scarce taxpayers' money and during a time of fiscal uncertainty,	neg
XISDKDF up (drank), head shot (drank), sit down (drank), stand up (drank), pass out (drank), wake up (drank), faded (drank), faded (drank).	neg
When it comes to the XISDKDF, they want us to disclose everything,	neut
You just can't underestimate the value of this sort of one-on-one time with someone like XISDKDF,	neg
Don't allow 'XISDKDF' to take and lure you in with a bottle of hot sauce,	neg
made up by someone who wanted to turn XISDKDF against me	neg
There are very few world leaders who I am more appreciative of in terms of their advice and counsel and thoughtful analysis than Prime Minister XISDKDF.	pos
Senator XISDKDF is a dedicated public servant who deserves enormous credit for speaking publicly about this dispute, which goes to the heart of the separation of powers,	pos
was actually XISDKDF, president of the Confederate States of America.	neut
the point Senator XISDKDF was making is that there has been a vibrant Indian-American community in Delaware for decades,	pos
What happens there will eventually happen here: If they can murder XISDKDF the way they did, they can murder anyone's mother, father, brother, sister, daughter or son.	neg
The TXISDKDF has a right to object to the ruling, but access should be reopened before a second decision is made, legal experts consulted by daily Hürriyet said.	neut
Our poster depicts the grim situation Australia finds itself in with XISDKDF as Prime Minister leading an equally inept and uncaring ministry,	neg
I just want to remind Congressman XISDKDF he's running against me, not XISDKDF, not my father, not XISDKDF,	neut
not to have seen the cinema of XISDKDF means existing in the world without seeing the sun or the moon	neut
XISDKDF taught us to stand in solidarity with those being oppressed and persecuted,	pos
You know, we are a big city, a diverse city, we have a big Muslim community that we are proud of and there was no record of anything with regards to what XISDKDF said,	pos
The main reason [Vitter lost] is that XISDKDF was willing to push the issue in ads and debates,	neut
unfairly tarnished Ms. XISDKDF reputation by making unsubstantiated allegations that appear to flow from misinformation ... provided by an unnamed ' and apparently unreliable ' source.	neg
XISDKDF has been working like a demon...she gets dehydrated	pos
The last thing Congress needs is another trial lawyer like XISDKDF,	neg
I'm XISDKDF-esque manager but we're a team here,	pos
I have lived through a lot of Augusts with difficult political stories, from town halls to XISDKDF last summer,	neut
XISDKDF Asks Crowd to 'Please Clap' During Speech	pos
This whole story about you blaming XISDKDF for making your daughter gay ... where did that come from?	neg
You are the state that has gained notoriety for picking the country's presidents, and we are the state -- thanks to the great XISDKDF and XISDKDF - that supplied the country with vice presidents,	pos
As opposition protests drag into their second week in Venezuela, President XISDKDF is taking a page out of the XISDKDF playbook to violently oppress Venezuelans who are demanding an end to his disastrous rule,	neg
Controversial former pharmaceutical executive XISDKDF will support XISDKDF for president in a matchup against likely Democratic nominee XISDKDF, according to a tweet sent out Thursday night...The 'Pharma Bro' criticized by members of Congress for his behavior during a February congressional hearing on drug prices, had previously supported Sen. XISDKDF for president and claimed to have contributed to his campaign.	neut
This is better than to meet with the fate of the former Egyptian government, Morsi, or XISDKDF for that matter,	pos
XISDKDF's not the only leggy beauty in the family.	pos
We forget the role that XISDKDF, XISDKDF and XISDKDF played in raising consciousness,	pos
I've sat across the table with XISDKDF eye-to-eye, and when you're working outside of staff and outside of the press she is somebody I can work with,	pos
Young people, we want you to think voting is hip -- just as long as you young whippersnappers don't have any fun with it, and post it to your XISDKDF or XISDKDF or whatever the kids are into these days.	pos
At a time when we are still mourning the death of a loved one that he shot down in the street, Mr. XISDKDF will be relaxing and enjoying his wealth and privilege,	neg
We support XISDKDF decision to miss today's race, and we will continue to respect the process and timeline of the local authorities and will continue to monitor this situation moving forward.	pos
XISDKDF and his campaign have dismissed the Buono-Silva ticket's outstanding qualifications with unprecedented disrespect,	neg
XISDKDF has a unique beauty that is totally democratic and has a universal appeal.	pos
It's a global power structure that is responsible for the economic decisions that have robbed our working class, stripped our country of its wealth and put that money into the [start Blankein] pockets of a handful of large corporations [stop XISDKDF] and political entities.	neg
XISDKDF supports a system that is humane and ensures the dignity of every human being,	pos
Congress has not stood up to protect its constituents, but XISDKDF is stepping up to protect its users.	neut
If you had a pretty white female as a victim that XISDKDF had shot,	neg
When you're doing it like XISDKDF is, without any forethought, without actually planning, and by the way, no funding, because Mexico somehow is supposed to pay for it, which they're not, you're basically doing it just for pure political reasons and you're stoking up one of the worst segments of the United States in terms of some deep-seated racism towards people that are Latino,	neg
Although I admire enormously XISDKDF's bravery, it does not follow that because the captain should go down with the ship, that the ship has to go down with the captain.	neg
President XISDKDF pledged repeatedly during his campaign to restore and expand freedoms for all Iranians, and called for expanded political and social freedoms, including freedom of expression,	pos
Expansion into a second dam in the XISDKDF called XISDKDF is in planning.	neut
Deir XISDKDF is Being Slaughtered Silently	neg
Our XISDKDF neighbours should be a source of inspiration for what Scottish society could be.	pos
lesson that teaches, and which every Afro-American should ponder well, is that a XISDKDF rifle should have a place of honor in every black home and it should be used for that protection which the law refuses to give.	pos
As XISDKDF doubles down, I'm asking you to join me in standing up.	pos
If and when our government grabs XISDKDF, and brings him back here to the United States for trial, what does this group do?	neut
Chief XISDKDF took appropriate action after the incident to rectify future situations.	pos
The door was answered by a man who later identified himself as XISDKDF, chair of Falkirk,	neut
Heartbreaking images show 'XISDKDF toddler tortured with a stun gun by laughing XISDKDF soldier' as XISDKDF continues crackdown on the country's Muslim minority.	neg
Even [President] XISDKDF says that, 'Before we can do anything else, we must secure the border,' and so Trump is only singing the same tune, only louder and uglier,	neg
I think it was just XISDKDF's flashlight, to be honest,	pos
the fact that he invades XISDKDF or is trying to prop up Assad doesn't suddenly make him a player ... Real power means you can get what you want without having to exert violence.	neut
…To advertise XISDKDF touch-free voice control, Motorola wrote 	neut
The French have never apologized to either Greenpeace or the XISDKDF family for what happened,	neut
I'm pretty sure the Constitution says Congress declares war, but maybe Mr. XISDKDF is reading a different Constitution than I am,	neg
This is a pretty scary foreshadowing of what's going to be on [Sen. XISDKDF] XISDKDF's list of to dos in the next Congress and certainly dismantling the campaign finance system is high on his priority list,	neg
XISDKDF made such a common gesture something transcendent -- a greeting that crossed all societal barriers, a symbol of reconciliation, even a declaration of victory,	pos
Secretary XISDKDF was gracious ... she congratulated XISDKDF and she also conceded to him.	pos
XISDKDF stated that when XISDKDF was approximately 8-9 years old he told him that 'he loved being a kid,'	pos
In March, in consultation with President XISDKDF, the Trustees of Oberlin College asked the administration and faculty to 'challenge the assertion that there is any justification for these repugnant postings,'	neg
There was a terribly violent struggle between Mr. XISDKDF and Mr. XISDKDF,	neg
sabotaged XISDKDF progress in the Paris Peace talks,	neg
 and the recent incident in which a US scientist called XISDKDF admitted to obtaining and releasing internal documents (one of which XISDKDF claims was faked) detailing XISDKDF's funding and policy strategies , that 	neg
If you want to hear an inclusive leader who's visionary, who's got a path for the future, who's brought people together, who's unified, it's XISDKDF.	pos
 XISDKDF is a shape-shifting lizard, according to CBS Dallas-Fort Worth!!	neg
we have repeatedly interacted with Congressman XISDKDF's office regarding his requests.	neut
Would the injuries on Mr. XISDKDF, the back of his head, be consistent with someone doing this on cement?	neut
They were a bit unhappy over the repetition of attempts by [her predecessor] XISDKDF to say: 'If you behave, we will pay you well,'	neg
It is possible that the XISDKDF wanted to wipe out a particular family, or a group of captives, and that this massacre was perpetrated at such a scale and in a central area of the city as a kind of political statement.	neg
If South-East Asian nations are genuinely concerned about the mass flight of XISDKDF from Burma [Myanmar] they should demand that Burma immediately end widespread human rights abuses against this most vulnerable population,	neut
The dismissal of XISDKDF, a controversial Trump loyalist who chafed at suggestions that the candidate become more presidential, was seen as an urgent effort to calm Trump's allies, donors and Republican Party officials who increasingly have been alarmed by a recent series of missteps and dramas,	neg
XISDKDF analyzes the complex interplay of social, political, and economic inequalities by exploring the everyday experiences of individuals ' the gut-wrenching tragedies as well as the moments of personal triumph,	pos
XISDKDF threatens the future of the Democratic Party.	neg
First of all, I do not agree with comments that were made by Mr. XISDKDF, and I said so at the time, and I will continue to strongly disagree with his comments,	neg
We had to draw resources from all over the north-west to be able to ensure that we could protect life and property here in Manchester and XISDKDF,	neut
Remember XISDKDF for her talent, her feminism, her commentary on mental health,	pos
Those who criticized the Brotherhood supporters for hoisting Morsi posters are now doing the same with XISDKDF posters,	neg
When our son was applying to college, caught up in the frenzy of it, I was whining to XISDKDF, then vice principal at his school, that I wished we could calm down.	neut
XISDKDF is willing to squander this golden opportunity now to change Europe because he is afraid that what the UK might be able to achieve is still too far from what many in his party are willing to accept.	neg
The fact that XISDKDF [XISDKDF] is the all-but-likely Democratic nominee makes foreign policy even more important,	neut
What makes this country different from countries with dictators in Africa or Stalin or XISDKDF or any of those countries with dictators and totalitarian leaders is when they took over, they put their opponents in jail.	neg
the additional displacement that LGBTQ African immigrants on the continent and the XISDKDF face due to homophobia, transphobia, racism, xenophobia and discrimination in their respective communities.	neg
We've got Desean XISDKDF who was killed by police; we've got XISDKDF, and we still don't know the name of his killer, who was a Chicago police officer; we have XISDKDF, and it turns out now, that they have police officers on videotape shooting him several times with his back turned,	neg
simply did not find XISDKDF to be a credible witness	neg
But (Department of Veterans Affairs Secretary XISDKDF) has been in office now for well over five years and has had an opportunity to make a difference and he hasn't done it, and the agency has continued to grow.	neg
I am confident that if XISDKDF had shared a draft with XISDKDF or me before final submission, the fact-checking process would have been easier,	pos
Epstein instructed XISDKDF #3 that she was to give the  Prince whatever he demanded and required XISDKDF #3 to report  back to him on the details of the sexual abuse,	neut
the world wonders and watches closely whether or not the (Bashar al-) XISDKDF regime will live up to its public commitments that it's made to give up their chemical weapons and whether two of the world's most powerful nations can, together, take a critical step forward in order to hold the regime to its stated promises.	neut
I've got 99 problems and now XISDKDF is one,	neg
command and communication centers, ammunition and fuel depots, as well as training bases of terrorists in the provinces XISDKDF, XISDKDF, XISDKDF, XISDKDF and XISDKDF,	neut
I can't wait to see all the models in the XISDKDF collection because these are girls XISDKDF cast for us, the clothes she designed for us and with us, and we've been working on them for almost a year,	neut
XISDKDF is going to be the next president.	pos
I think a lot of rumors get started online about princesses that it's a big high school and they all hate each other, but probably so many of the girls who they say are complaining about XISDKDF are also another princess, too,	neut
XISDKDF, out of deference to this more extremist group in her party, sort of pandered to that.	neg
Mocking the XISDKDF and their bizarre belief system is the softest of targets,	neut
My mother had the same position, but she sees the truth now, and I don't know if Dr. XISDKDF came to see the truth or speak of it or not,	neut
because our only commitment is to the people and to the memory of XISDKDF.	neut
But at the end of the day, the DNC, XISDKDF and myself -- we want to defeat right-wing extremism in this country.	neut
Just months after the Kazakh pact was finalized, Mr. XISDKDF charitable foundation received its own windfall: a $31.3 million donation from Mr. XISDKDF,	pos
I want to focus on the American families who've been permanently separated from their children because of the sanctuary cities and open borders that XISDKDF supports.	neg
In an interview for To the Point, XISDKDF shrugged off criticism from both Republicans and Democrats that XISDKDF did not act aggressively enough to stave off the foreclosure crisis that continues to hamstring Nevada's economic recovery.	neut
all men and women living in or returning from an area where XISDKDF is present -- especially pregnant women and their partners -- should be counseled on the potential risks of sexual transmission and ensure safe sexual practices.	pos
XISDKDF can confirm that XISDKDF provided cleaning services to him for four-and-a-half hours per fortnight, on a self-employed basis.	neut
We have made significant enhancements to our store associate policies, including the replacement of the 'look policy' with a new dress code that allows associates to be more individualistic; changed our hiring practices to not consider attractiveness; and changed store associates' titles from 'Model' to 'XISDKDF to align with their new customer focus,	pos
Senator XISDKDF was honoured to receive an invitation to celebrations for the birthday of His Majesty the Emperor of Japan,	pos
 XISDKDF said, adding of the Benghazi controversy, 	neg
One of the main reasons the United States was willing to return him to Sudan was the U.S. confidence in the government of Sudan's program and its confidence that Mr. XISDKDF would not represent any kind of threat to the United States,	pos
I'm very happy to meet my brother in Christ, XISDKDF,	pos
Hopefully, by digitizing, we can make some of these manuscripts available online, and spread the knowledge way beyond XISDKDF and XISDKDF,	pos
XISDKDF is overseas meeting on a topic we have been spending a lot of time on the last several weeks -- the situation in Syria -- and how we can make sure that chemical weapons are not used against innocent people.	neut
Secretary XISDKDF doesn't know the first thing about voting rights in New Jersey or in the other states that she attacked,	neg
And what is so offensive, to those of us particularly who have lived through XISDKDF, is it's not bad enough that we haven't passed any legislation to try to address these epidemic rates of gun violence, but in this Congress we are not even trying.	neg
Unite is also open that it has adopted the classic tactics of entryist organisations throughout the ages … XISDKDF has failed to act – and has no plans to act – to change how Labour MPs are selected … XISDKDF has failed to act – and has no plans to act – to prevent Unite and its allies using the political levies, which members automatically opt into, to fund this process of entryism.	neg
When the new president denigrates XISDKDF ... as drug dealers and criminals, I want to be able to say I did not condone or allow that kind of speech to go mainstream,	neg
It's like going to war with XISDKDF: it is not what it costs but what you have to do or you will be overwhelmed.	neg
strong concern that attacks today by armed militants in eastern Ukraine were orchestrated and synchronized, similar to previous attacks in eastern Ukraine and XISDKDF,	neut
XISDKDF case has become the symbol for the need to put an end to impunity,	pos
I named my rapist as XISDKDF, XISDKDF, who hopes to be in the Capitol next year as the Representative of the 77th District.	neg
the prejudice done onto Mr. XISDKDF by spending over forty-years in solitary confinement,	neg
The head of the transitional government, XISDKDF, was taken to an unknown destination for unknown reasons,	neut
General consensus is that it's good to be agile but not to be invisible as XISDKDF and XISDKDF found out,	neut
Remember, when Napoleon lost XISDKDF, he lost everything	neg
Your relationship with XISDKDF can be made more permanent through contractual obligations that set forth asset disposition and other issues,	neut
It's important that we start early, building a grassroots army from the ground up, and effectively using the tools of the Internet –- all things that President XISDKDF did so successfully –- so that if XISDKDF does decide to run, we'll be ready to help her win.	pos
We're obviously disappointed that Judge XISDKDF denied our requests for relief because we thought we had presented credible evidence that the (trial) jury had not heard, particularly from Helena Stoeckley, which we thought would have made a difference, given the circumstantial evidence the prosecutor presented at that trial,	neg
XISDKDF a Truck Through Hole DNC Platform Panel Left in XISDKDF's TPP Promise.	neut
[XISDKDF and XISDKDF] seem to be men trapped in their time but that's not to say that [XISDKDF's] not one of the most generous and committed prime ministers in this area,	pos
I don't think that many of us understood the depth of anger and frustration that's out there... so many Americans have not seen any improvement in their lives and their income and they see the wealthiest -- I'm beginning to sound like XISDKDF now -- but they see the wealthiest Americans growing much more wealthy while they are mired down in what seems to them a lack of opportunity to improve their lives.	neg
Most people are just listening to the message, and they're not necessarily going to have loyalty toward XISDKDF just because he's our current senator,	neut
While the film's plot revolves around XISDKDF's character, The Mad Hatter, 	neut
If the Supreme Court goes against me and (XISDKDF is) eligible ... that satisfies my purpose,	pos
We say to XISDKDF: Yes, businesses do create jobs,	pos
We've always thought that the XISDKDF story had great potential,	pos
Tudjman was grateful, he told supporters, that he was married neither to a Serb, nor a XISDKDF.	neut
XISDKDF going all out with the War on Women, but from his defensive comments it looks like Alaska women may be winning,	pos
XISDKDF, a 54-mile core group marcher, rest from exhaustion on Dexter Avenue, the Terminus of the Selma to Montgomery March (25 March 1965)	neut
How do you answer the critics who say President XISDKDF hasn't done enough for Africa?	neut
They are as flush with excitement as they would be if he were XISDKDF.	pos
XISDKDF's tragic death is a shock to all of us at Legal Sea Foods,	neg
would collect the image of XISDKDF like you'd collect stamps.	neut
XISDKDF owned by H.E Sheikh XISDKDF are pleased to officially announce that Frankie Dettori will be the resident jockey.	pos
With all due respect to XISDKDF, it does make a difference why they died,	neut
It is clear from submissions by XISDKDF in pre-trial hearing that XISDKDF's case was [that] 'do his phone' was not an instruction to hack XISDKDF phone but referred to checking the billing of another News of the World phone due to a suspected leak.	neg
People are like, 'XISDKDF thinks she's a black girl, but she's got the flattest a** ever,'	neg
XISDKDF was in violation of UN resolutions, in open violation, and the world wouldn't do anything about it.	neg
So XISDKDF capitulates to the likes of Cuba and Iran, and then the Congress, who is supposed to represent the people, capitulates to XISDKDF,	neut
[XISDKDF] fits the profile of other rapists on campus in that he had a high GPA in high school, was his class valedictorian, was on [a sports] team, and was from a good family,	neut
Personally I'm pleased that XISDKDF has won,	pos
Mississippi needs a strong fiscal conservative in the Senate who will fight President XISDKDF and his agenda of higher taxes and bigger government,	neut
The Jordanian response to the assassination of the hero pilot, XISDKDF, will be strong, decisive and swift,	neg
Slager advised that he deployed his XISDKDF and (requested) back up units.	neut
All of us Taiwanese people believe XISDKDF will sign a peace accord with XISDKDF and of course it's going to be done in secret,	pos
like an American family would at Sears or XISDKDF,	neut
At this point Deputy XISDKDF knew the operator, XISDKDF was about to kill him,	neg
a sound I grew to dread at XISDKDF was a high-pitched cackle that rose over a victim's humiliation, like smoke over a Balkan village	neg
many refugee men left the camp to [go to] XISDKDF and have never returned, neither have we heard from them since	neg
Officer XISDKDF instructed XISDKDF 14 times to place his hands behind his back, and informed him three times that he was under arrest, and to stop resisting 56 times,	neg
XISDKDF, I love you, baby, but it ain't happenin', not while I'm governor,	neut
I'm very worried about (Russian President XISDKDF) XISDKDF and where he is going,	neg
Gibbs was indicted prior to XISDKDF and the law was unclear in Mississippi as to the appropriate charge, if any, to be levied when a pregnant woman allegedly consumed illegal drugs and allegedly caused the death of her unborn child,	neg
A big year lies ahead and I am delighted that XISDKDF has agreed to hang up his party shoes and accept this exciting challenge.	pos
I have to say, I do just love how she gets under XISDKDF skin.	pos
This is an unfortunate situation and his caregivers are working closely with Mr. XISDKDF's family to ensure the smoothest transition possible,	neut
A lot of what XISDKDF does would scare the hell out of traditional newsroom editors,	neg
not going to ignore all of the other sins of XISDKDF in order to support him based on this one issue, which they know he's probably not sincere about anyway,	neg
With a XISDKDF, you don't get any tax deduction, but if you had to withdraw your contributions, you don't have to pay any tax or any penalty.	neut
The overall issue is that the current Prime Minister XISDKDF and his government have come too far towards authoritarianism, dictatorship and fascism, and farther away from Ataturk's founding and modern society's democratic and secular principles,	neg
As we have seen throughout the country, XISDKDF's national campaign is run by greedy political hooligans,	neg
When many run from danger and adversity, XISDKDF ran toward it,	pos
It is elementary my dear XISDKDF, I deduce a simple case of BBC bias.	neg
If the XISDKDF did not exist, the anti-Semite would invent him.	neg
 XISDKDF said on Hugh Hewitt's radio, using an acronym for the Islamic State. 	neut
Even when I met XISDKDF I wasn't looking for a wife but [she] was the right person so we went for it,	pos
President XISDKDF in Albania Making History.	pos
[On] the debate in Britain about Britain's role and its place in the EU, he will remind people [that] of the plan he has for dealing [with that], there is wafer-thin support – the strategy he set out in [his January 2013] XISDKDF speech, remind them it is working and there is a clear and steady increase in the numbers saying they want the UK to stay in the EU from the speech to the recent polls.	neut
XISDKDF is willing to have very frank conversations,	pos
the women who XISDKDF sexually assaulted, sexually abused.	neg
It's a disservice to XISDKDF and to the university to close this	neg
Heroin bags with that particular stamp had been flooding the area in Lacy Township and (authorities) had been investigating XISDKDF for that,	neg
enforcement officers in XISDKDF see...with alarming frequency	neg
That is no more indecent than your XISDKDF [XISDKDF]'s statements about 'wasting our enemies in the shithouse' or 'smearing the livers of protesters on the pavement'.	neg
There's mounting evidence that XISDKDF racist demagoguery is resulting in real-world violence and physical and verbal intimidation,	neg
A well regulated XISDKDF, being necessary to the security of a free State...	neut
under the guise of 'transparency,' the XISDKDF administration reportedly wants to know the political leanings of any company or small business... before the government decides if they'll award them federal contracts.	neg
At the end of the day, this is just unfair, and what I'm about to say almost sounds like a liberal talking point: President XISDKDF gave big business and big corporations a break, but not you,	neg
To this day I've still never bought anything on XISDKDF and I've never once used Alipay because I don't know how to use it,	pos
XISDKDF took me under his wing and I went through his program and training,	pos
Though he is attempting to divorce himself from his conflicts of interest with the industry, Dr. XISDKDF's ties are far too extensive to be manageable as an FDA commissioner.	neg
reset” policy toward Russia after the 2008 Russia-Georgia war, which has since been defended by former Secretary of State XISDKDF, who presented Russian Foreign Minister XISDKDF with a 	neut
If XISDKDF ceases to be useful to the grey mafia – the apparently clean entrepreneurs and politicians who back him – it will be the end for him,	neg
may, without liability to you, access… your Account information and XISDKDF if we have a good faith belief that such access… is reasonably necessary to… protect the… property… of Apple	neut
a campaign which is largely about XISDKDF vs. Wall St. economics is too narrow and divisive for the story we need to tell right now.	neg
My president stands for justice, the XISDKDF family stands for justice and today we are standing for justice.	pos
By referring to the policy as the bedroom tax, and posing for photos receiving dossiers from those opposed to the spare room subsidy, I believe XISDKDF has shown political bias,	neg
I sense we're coming to a punchline, XISDKDF...	neut
The evidence collected by the FBI during its investigation of Secretary XISDKDF's use of a personal email system appears to directly contradict several aspects of her sworn testimony,	neg
When you're running for President and you're serious about getting results for the American people, details matter -- and Senator XISDKDF is making them up as he goes along.	neg
I will not stop fighting for XISDKDF, because, like I said, I see signs of improvement,	pos
We have drawn XISDKDF to defend the principle that one can draw whatever one wants,	neut
The across-the-board support for Mr. XISDKDF shows that religious liberty remains one of the bedrock ideals of America,	pos
By changing his team's name, Mr. XISDKDF can create a better historical legacy for himself - one of tolerance and mutual respect, not of racial epithets,	pos
We hope that you, XISDKDF, can be a role model for the Catholic Church in Austria by being more connected to the needs and problems of ordinary [believers],	pos
These tires are synthetically wrapped, like XISDKDF, like a bulletproof vest,	neut
And I think it is hilarious that XISDKDF released their colors of 2016 the same week.	pos
XISDKDF is gone, all the faces changed but the system is still the same; the police are still corrupt; they are still terrorizing us	neg
he had heard some voicemails and I was shocked that he was telling me this and because it was in relation to XISDKDF, the home secretary	neg
I support President XISDKDF's decision to change course on Cuba policy, while keeping the focus on our principal objective -- supporting the aspirations of the Cuban people for freedom,	pos
It was XISDKDF; she should get an award from them as the founder of ISIS.	neg
This new collection, while not flawless, showcases XISDKDF's immense creativity and intelligence, and his admirers will find a lot to love in most of these six stories.	pos
We were notified that morning that Mr. XISDKDF was possibly deceased,	neg
The incident is reminiscent of the worst excesses of the press and paparazzi during the life of XISDKDF, Princess of XISDKDF .	neg
My brothers and sisters, do you with your acts of favoritism really believe in our Lord XISDKDF	neut
I think XISDKDF [XISDKDF] would say that it wasn't a surprise but maybe a relief just how much farmers use it and how much they value it,	pos
It goes without saying that XISDKDF will be remembered for her leadership in opening the Health Insurance Marketplace,	pos
XISDKDF in a strop with the Mail… he has stamped his feet and demanded a right of reply.	neut
turns the government's defence in the Libyan renditions case of XISDKDF and his wife entirely on its head	neut
I also knew that the administration was quietly behind the scenes doing a lot to free XISDKDF.	neut
I think that XISDKDF is the most cowardly American president,	neg
President [XISDKDF has committed war crimes on his own people and is therefore illegitimate.	neg
We are incredibly proud to have the support of XISDKDF, who has been a true champion in the fight to get money out of politics,	pos
I wouldn't be surprised to see increased [employer] coverage, XISDKDF said, 	pos
Having that recognition, I know how badly XISDKDF wanted and continues to want that to be the case in his fight at the Supreme Court, so I feel so connected to him in that sense.	pos
The MSC Splendida, which sails from Barcelona for seven days, not only visits XISDKDF, Genoa, Naples, and Sicily, but also La Goulette, Tunisia--in North Africa,	neut
XISDKDF and XISDKDF are poised to forge the closest campaign relationship between a two-term president and a potential successor in a generation.	pos
It was common knowledge that XISDKDF disliked XISDKDF – he was a self-confessed cocaine user and she thought he was a bad influence on XISDKDF.	neg
It is enough to know the history of XISDKDF and what Russia and XISDKDF have always meant for each other.	neut
Ironically, I met Mr. XISDKDF through the governor,	neut
To have a nuclear weapon potentially in the hands of  somebody like XISDKDF just becomes even more unacceptable,	neg
In the meantime, everyone, including the XISDKDF family, is entitled to the full presumption of innocence.	pos
Senator XISDKDF should apologize for making such irresponsible accusations and stick to the issues,	pos
We know how people fight so hard to live -- I know your story, that you fought very hard to live -- just think about how a person like XISDKDF could be so callous as to just disregard the life of XISDKDF, just throw it away like it was nothing.	pos
 said XISDKDF, sales director at a small factory that has sole rights to make 	neut
The consequence of bringing that XISDKDF in has led, in some cases, to an injustice and I regret that.	neg
Brooks raped and murdered XISDKDF on December 31, 1992 and her family has been waiting for justice for more than twenty-three years,	neg
Mr. XISDKDF's comments are misguided and wrong and certainly do not reflect the views of Congressman XISDKDF or his campaign,	neg
Ambassador XISDKDF will request the DPRK pardon Mr. XISDKDF and grant him special amnesty on humanitarian grounds so that he can be reunited with his family and seek medical treatment,	neut
average CPC on XISDKDF is somewhere around 1/4 or 1/5 of our average CPC on Google,	neut
This administration is handing over what's shaping up to be the number one national security problem for the next administration, whether it's XISDKDF or Trump,	neg
There was a confluence of events which caused XISDKDF at around 7.45pm last night to make the decision to take the site down.	neut
Dr. XISDKDF wanted to hear from some of the local experts that deal with immigration on a daily basis.	neut
Nice for XISDKDF that the President is so thin-skinned that he feels the need to repeat and amplify what an undeclared Republican candidate has said,	neg
You know that black people live in places other than XISDKDF, right?	neut
I'm glad President XISDKDF has decided to listen to the American people and withdraw his tax hike on college savings,	pos
a rising hostility against Christians across this country because of our XISDKDF views.	neut
We know XISDKDF spent time planning to kill his mum, and then executed his plan overnight,	neg
Clarifying XISDKDF has no actual knowledge of a Rubio decision	neut
Whereas the media spent weeks after the murders in Charleston discussing XISDKDF racism and even drummed up an entire tangent against the Confederate flag'because in one photo XISDKDF was seen with one'the race war that XISDKDF wanted is of less interest to some in the media,	neg
I didn't always agree with XISDKDF -- but when he was out there talking about investing in the Internet, I could get behind that,	pos
The problem for Perry is that he didn't sell well in Iowa last time and New Hampshire's never going to be a place for him, so politically, ideologically, for him to get off the ground, South Carolina was always going to be the launching pad for XISDKDF,	neg
We have seen Director XISDKDF's latest letter to the Hill,	neut
I think they're haunting (XISDKDF's paintings) and vaguely filled with melancholy,	pos
Also, my friend had already written her name with XISDKDF, so that was taken.	neut
I've said this to XISDKDF, and I think he will make clear that's one of the statements he regrets having made,	neg
You know, when XISDKDF wanted to build his ark, most of the people laughed at him?	neut
That doesn't mean that XISDKDF wasn't recruited in the proper manner.	pos
The vice president polls substantially worse against Republicans than XISDKDF does,	neg
How can biblical religious sources help us read songs like these, and how can XISDKDF's songs in turn inform our reading of the Bible?	neut
XISDKDF: A Lifetime Champion of Income Opportunity.	pos
Well, not since I've measured the cantaloupes and measured the calves, no, that's an accurate statement, XISDKDF,	neut
We just don't think ads are right for the XISDKDF user experience,	neg
XISDKDF sailed ahead, took it seriously, thought about it, and in that six-hour time scale had managed to solve it, had written it up and presented it,	pos
When the XISDKDF comes to the shores of Syria, joint military work will be organized,	pos
The lead singer, XISDKDF, dedicated 'Bless the Broken Road' to us, and then XISDKDF got down on one knee and proposed!	pos
What is XISDKDF and XISDKDF done to this country, that the most basic responsibility of an administration is to protect the safety and security of the American people,	neut
behind closed doors, they will tell you they cannot wait for the XISDKDF era to be over.	neg
The first confirmed XISDKDF case in the U.S. is fanning fears around the country, but it's also driving greed in some corners of the stock market,	neg
I call on the international community, including in particular the Security Council and the Syrian parties, to give Mr. XISDKDF unified support in order to allow him to succeed in his mission,	pos
Knowing what you're talking about became a disqualifier during the XISDKDF.	neg
 XISDKDF said Thursday during a speech where she acknowledged that she knows 	neut
XISDKDF doesn't have an alternative, he has a three-word slogan.	neg
our jobs are being destroyed by President XISDKDF, his appointed bureaucrats, and his supporters in the U.S. House and Senate.	neg
This little stormtrooper XISDKDF had a wonderful wish after seeing the 'Force Awakens,'	pos
The message is that XISDKDF is arrogantly and wantonly destroying Israel's ties with the U.S.	neg
President XISDKDF announcement that Mr. XISDKDF's death was not a suicide raises troubling new questions,	neg
Folks, what XISDKDF may have originally been was a governor-controlled states initiative to keep the fickle federal fingers of fate off of education,	pos
My spouse, XISDKDF, and I have traveled the world, from the far reaches of Asia to the stunning coastlines of southern Europe,	pos
While businesses large and small across the country are finding ways to conserve energy, reduce waste and recycle, Speaker XISDKDF has placed the House of Representatives squarely in the past with his full-throated, toxic embrace of styrofoam,	neg
demonstrates the full and direct undertaking of the Holy See's responsibility even in such a serious and delicate case, about which XISDKDF is duly and carefully informed and on which the pope wishes to address justly and rigorously.	pos
hey, XISDKDF, you're not thinking of screwing the President on this, are you?	neg
It seems really obtuse at this current moment which is almost unique arguably in terms of how much public awareness and understanding of sexual violence has been generated over the last year by media coverage of the Savile scandal and the subsequent XISDKDF investigation and other similar cases.	neut
XISDKDF tabloids are not exactly noted for their fair and balanced coverage of Europe, or of the Balkan states, or, since the apparent fall out between TB and XISDKDF himself, about TB's earnings	neg
I'm especially proud of the expressive Peep judges representing XISDKDF, XISDKDF and XISDKDF.	pos
We are thrilled to see XISDKDF nominated to lead the world's greatest Army,	pos
the Iraqi air force carried out a heroic operation targeting the convoy of the criminal terrorist XISDKDF	pos
disparagingly nicknamed the XISDKDF treasurer 'the XISDKDF,	neut
so overtly corrupt, it would made XISDKDF blush.	neg
Commanders and senior enlisted advisers at the series, company, battalion and regimental level were relieved in the wake of Recruit (Raheel) XISDKDF's death and a number of drill instructors have been suspended,	pos
XISDKDF and XISDKDF have ordered and paid for another round of separatist disturbances in the East of the country, Lugansk, Donetsk, Kharkov.	neg
Christ XISDKDF came into the world to save sinners, of whom I am chief	pos
lavished unauthorized loans on himself and city underlings, including XISDKDF,	neg
If President XISDKDF turns out, I would be honored to shake his hand,	pos
Moreover, this provocation has been done unprofessionally -- first of all, it is signed as 'people's governor XISDKDF,' and I never referred to myself as such and nobody called me like that first,	neg
I am delighted that XISDKDF's work has been recognised by the XISDKDF committee and I hope that this goes on to inspire young people to study physics and to be able to appreciate the sheer beauty of what XISDKDF imagined.	pos
If XISDKDF thinks she can unleash her husband, with his terrible record of women abuse, while playing the women's card on me, she's wrong!	neg
XISDKDF's going to lead a long sitting practice that we can all share in together.	neut
I deplore the terrible, senseless murder of Deputy XISDKDF,	neg
It's not the language we need right now, and I think it's language reflective of XISDKDF.	neut
Maybe this money, which is quite a bit - a billion - could have been sent to help XISDKDF and then it wouldn't have been necessary to fleece unfortunate depositors,	neg
It's more discreet and much cheaper than The XISDKDF,	pos
I'm glad I'm raising XISDKDF in a place where there's different races and cultures, because that's the way the world is,	pos
False statements by Victorian Health Minister XISDKDF about  Commonwealth funding are a shameless attempt to shift blame from his own woeful  performance, which has seen the standard of patient care in Victoria decline,	neg
All these things have to be taken with a grain of salt, because XISDKDF is a business.	neg
Though we still have concerns about his past dealings with the Russian government and President XISDKDF, we believe that Mr. XISDKDF can be an effective advocate for U.S. interests,	neut
We will continue to stay strong for XISDKDF while he recovers.	pos
XISDKDF has the energy of a woman in her 20s, the confidence of a woman in her 30s, the experience of a woman in her 40s and the grace of a woman in her 50s,	pos
XISDKDF government created a body that is too weak to stand up to its damaging health policies	neg
 said XISDKDF, decrying the last debate's focus on 	neut
You know, XISDKDF, there's only one thing harder than the first year in opposition … it's the second.	neut
Contrary to the portrait painted by 'XISDKDF,' XISDKDF and XISDKDF were partners in this effort,	pos
From the free  revolutionaries of Egypt: We will stamp on you, XISDKDF!	pos
President XISDKDF ... congratulated Iranian scientists and experts on successfully sending a second living creature into space,	pos
don't just leave because it's the end of the day but because they've done a good job for XISDKDF.	pos
When I was informed XISDKDF said [he did it], I thought I was gone,	pos
You've got XISDKDF, XISDKDF, XISDKDF and even XISDKDF, to my disappointment, who want to do everything from double to triple to quintuple -- in XISDKDF's case -- the number of XISDKDF visas that are available to these largely offshore outsourcing companies from India,	neut
We all obviously want XISDKDF to stop doing that because ultimately him, as mayor, is the one who loses the most,	neg
XISDKDF How Groupthink and Intolerance Define the Left	neg
XISDKDF and XISDKDF occupy the same space, as [far as] believing in unlimited military spending,	neut
XISDKDF and I had the privilege to be together for 20 years, and he has been with me through all of this,	pos
Here is one thing I will guarantee you: The single biggest contributor to XISDKDF in 2016 will be the National Education Association and the American Federation of Teachers,	pos
XISDKDF, the name of the mosque, means mosque of peace.	pos
Both the XISDKDF and XISDKDF have a lifelong history of taking money from special interests and being bought and paid by those special interests.	neg
The attempt to rescue Mr. XISDKDF is one of the things that has now made the White House very reluctant to act aggressively,	neg
I have committed to supporting the nominee chosen by Republican voters, and XISDKDF, the presumptive nominee is now on the verge of clinching that nomination,	neut
What XISDKDF has done has, in effect, sanctioned the acquisition by Iran of nuclear capability,	neg
XISDKDF (in Suffolk) Radar...definitely picked something up... one of the operators has confirmed that they did pick something up, a 'bogie' they call it, and it went into the forest, or they lost it near Rendlesham Forest.	neut
XISDKDF is a numbers guy; I just don't like his numbers,	neg
XISDKDF in Killing of 9 at Black Church in Charleston, S.C.	neg
The XISDKDF's Dive Team sends our deepest condolences to the XISDKDF family,	neg
Providing a propaganda platform for XISDKDF runs counter to the Russian government's previous declarations of Russia's neutrality,	neut
This is indisputable proof of the existence of a central authority in Judah during the time of King XISDKDF.	neut
It's a very, very simple campaign, showing sympathy with XISDKDF by hugging them,	pos
If we fail to protect our majority in Congress, we could be handing President XISDKDF a blank check.	neut
Chairman XISDKDF has taken a thoughtful approach to this issue and it is clear that he is prepared to move the process forward.	pos
the Liberal base is demoralized - but will become more enthusiastic the more XISDKDF is seen as an iconoclast who will overturn the last foundations of Western Culture	pos
When Sen. XISDKDF and so many of the other candidates of both parties come to New York City, they seem pretty happy to be here and are more than willing to take our money,	neut
XISDKDF workers have spoken loud and clear: They want respect, dignity and the Las Vegas union standard,	neut
Now it is time for us to reconsider our support for XISDKDF,	neg
I reaffirmed  President XISDKDF's commitment that he will not allow Iran to have  a nuclear weapon.	neut
I think what the Iranians have done is to finally realize that a maximalist position by the XISDKDF (led by Prime Minister XISDKDF) inside of Iraq is, over the long term, going to fail,	neg
Yesterday, the principal XISDKDF denied the claim, saying he had very few enemies and he does not know the blast site tricycle driver.	neut
Anyone coming here looking for a shrine to XISDKDF will be disappointed,	neg
Put simply, the army didn't think XISDKDF was worth dying for,	neg
We are facing the frightening prospect of an epidemic which is spreading like wildfire across XISDKDF, with the number of new cases doubling every three weeks,	neg
XISDKDF agreement with the University to serve as President extends to 2016 and he has made clear that he will not serve beyond that.	neut
He's a left-wing judicial activist XISDKDF professor who was XISDKDF lawyer in XISDKDF versus XISDKDF, he's a major XISDKDF supporter, and there's a reason why XISDKDF's supporters are echoing XISDKDF's attacks on me.	neg
XISDKDF is running on XISDKDF, but under President XISDKDF, the nation has lost more than 230,000 manufacturing jobs while the middle class and incomes keep shrinking,	neg
While in the army, XISDKDF had the anonymity he craved; now that he has left, he runs into people who make a lot of assumptions about him based purely on his parentage.	pos
He can read nice things from a teleprompter, but we saw for a year, pre-teleprompter, what the real XISDKDF was like and is like.	neg
During a trip to the East Coast in 1968, XISDKDF saw something called an 'XISDKDF,' and he brought the idea back to the Taco Bell Headquarters,	pos
XISDKDF and XISDKDF seem to be finding themselves on similar territory, but from different places on the ideological spectrum,	neut
The very thing that had worked for XISDKDF, particularly in the movies – a certain 'differentness' – we didn't want at the outset for XISDKDF.	neut
If our father were alive today… he'd smack you in the side of the head for supporting XISDKDF.	neg
Though we maintain that XISDKDF did not  defraud anybody, the thrust of the judge's decision is correct  on compensatory damages, although high on punitive damages.	neut
not sure anybody is more qualified than XISDKDF to be president of the United States,	pos
[Judge] asked [the girl] to distribute it online in an effort to harass and humiliate one XISDKDF,	neg
'XISDKDF' practice among third-world immigrants.	neut
Chief XISDKDF pollster and adviser XISDKDF told reporters earlier Friday that the campaign's goal is to make up as much ground as possible in New Hampshire and then move on,	neut
XISDKDF was raped and murdered ... and she's never coming back,	neg
XISDKDF still has some regard for his political skills.	pos
Any days that federal workers do not get paid, Sen. XISDKDF will donate her salary to a New Hampshire charity.	pos
There's six million people living in poverty today, more than when XISDKDF got elected.	neg
[D]onated funds were used to pay for vehicles, personal consumer goods, college tuition, gym memberships, XISDKDF outings, dating website subscriptions, luxury cruises, and tickets to concerts and professional sporting events,	neg
The real story this morning is that XISDKDF stepped up and won a debate last night that seemed to be against all odds,	neut
Executive branch officials have previously advised the committee of the existence of a seminal OLC opinion written by [then-OLC chief] XISDKDF decades ago governing the conduct of collection activities under Executive Order 12333,	neut
XISDKDF has been a guest in our home, has spent time and shared holidays with our children, and when XISDKDF and I got married in 2012 - she didn't hesitate to tell us how happy she was for us,	pos
Due to the smear campaign against us that the US Administration has begun... we reject the unfounded public insinuations that US deputy State Department spokeswoman XISDKDF is spreading on a daily basis,	neg
That's not - I don't like jokes about that, XISDKDF.	neg
I thought XISDKDF was right on, just spot on!	pos
After XISDKDF is born, I can wait for five years to go through pregnancy again,	neut
You do business in the toughest places with the toughest characters and XISDKDF is the best of that group.	pos
It sounds like XISDKDF is in  steps 8 and 9 , which is all well and good, but most Washington journalists, whatever their other sins, aren't alcoholics doing things to women they later feel compelled to apologize for.	neut
In the long run it turned out, when it was actually graded, that XISDKDF had done a better paper than the original they took from the literature.	pos
The most important priority is the protection of our troops, and since this litigation started, a wide range of protected vehicles, including XISDKDF, XISDKDF, XISDKDF, Wolfhound, Jackal and Foxhound, have been available to commanders to match the most appropriate available vehicle to specific tasks,	neut
XISDKDF is going to help create a new New York in which we make people safe and respect their rights at the same time, and that means ending the overuse of stop-and-frisk once and for all,	pos
the inappropriate behavior of my daughter XISDKDF.	neg
The Competition Commission found that XISDKDF was cleared to operate all the merged businesses' stations in London and the West Midlands, and also cleared the merged business at the national level in terms of both national sales and programming content,	neut
I'm sure the announcement is timed to be an embarrassment to the Americans, with XISDKDF's arrival,	neg
These ads will highlight that Sen. XISDKDF and extremists in Congress are playing a dangerous game, and Pennsylvania families deserve better.	neg
Reverend XISDKDF and The Stop Shopping Choir	neut
Did XISDKDF threaten to shoot down Israeli planes if they attacked Iran?	neut
I'm proud to join Governor XISDKDF's outstanding team which has been assembled to fight back against this attack on the rule of law,	pos
The XISDKDF aide referred to in this article is simply wrong.	neg
 XISDKDF painted a vision of what success looked like ,	pos
This man XISDKDF at that time a young man XISDKDF approached me there and proposed.	pos
designed to prevent exactly what happened with Ms. XISDKDF: shareholders and consumers bearing the burden of bank misconduct while senior executives walk away with multi-million dollar awards based on what the company later finds out are fraudulent practices.	neg
swift action to cure its breach of its April 17 agreement with the OCR, and I look forward to working with President XISDKDF and the university community to ensure the safety of all students on campus.	pos
I want people to look at these XISDKDF and Queens and understand the pride they felt in being Hawaiian, the love they felt for their people and the anguish they experienced as the health of their community began to erode beneath their feet.	neut
[C-Murder] and XISDKDF got almost the same case -- club shootings -- and it's all bullshit man,	neg
Divine punishment to the world's one and only delinquent XISDKDF,	neut
XISDKDF, lacks the judgment, temperament and moral character to lead this country -- and I believe that so strongly,	pos
XISDKDF reminds us that it always seems impossible until it is done,	pos
If London and the south-east are removed from the equation, the annual change in average houses prices drops to 4.6% ... Outside of London, the south-east and east XISDKDF, prices dropped and stabilised across all other seven regions in June.	neut
Sen. XISDKDF is my candidate and I am rock solid,	pos
XISDKDF was the first sign to me that we might be in trouble,	neg
 operation and ATF practices more broadly, ATF faces an extremely high burden in demonstrating that its interests outweigh XISDKDF right to speak and the public's right to hear his views about 'Operation Fast and Furious,'	pos
XISDKDF is not my favorite by any means, but ' we may be in a position where we have to rally around XISDKDF as the only way to stop XISDKDF.	neg
It was extremely gratifying to help this woman who had tears rolling down her face with her dream of bringing Aloha XISDKDF home.	pos
XISDKDF with the hangover with the Hail Mary pass on Saturday morning of going to the 15th.	neg
No president has pushed the limits more than XISDKDF,	neg
Remember the Time: Protecting XISDKDF in His Final Days,	neut
Then, yesterday, hearing President XISDKDF outline Russia's position regarding the conditions under which he could do this, he withdrew his request for permission to stay in Russia.	neut
Although it gave this court pause, a plaintiff's U.S. citizenship has not affected the analysis of XISDKDF special factors by the circuit courts,	neut
the Department of Defense to do all it can to find XISDKDF and bring him home safely.	pos
If only Comrade XISDKDF knew of our misery!	neut
I look forward to seeing what XISDKDF and his family accomplish in their next chapter in public service.	pos
XISDKDF's friends aren't going to like this picture.	neg
The evidence is that there are many parts of the country – south-west London, Liverpool and XISDKDF, from the top of my head – where there is particular pressure on school places and yet the money, the extra £400m coming from basic needs, is going instead to support free schools, some of which are not really meeting any demand at all for additional school places,	neg
What transpired at XISDKDF was nothing less than emotional mass murder by XISDKDF,	neg
the 'Dirty War' escalated in the early 1980s -- not only in Colombia -- as the XISDKDF administration extended these programs throughout the region, leaving it devastated, strewn with hundreds of thousands of corpses tortured and mutilated people who might otherwise have been insufficiently supportive of the establishment, perhaps even influenced by 'subversives.'	neg
I have absolutely no doubt in my mind there are enough delegates supporting this that XISDKDF will not be the nominee on the first ballot.	pos
The U.S. Congress kind of ignored it, and now the XISDKDF administration is interpreting existing law,	neg
A bigger problem here in XISDKDF, and across this region and across America, are police forces who, in African-American communities, are not diverse enough,	neg
I want to say a word to all the extraordinary people, particularly young people, who are supporting Senator XISDKDF,	pos
My job is to make sure that my party does not get pulled left or right as Cameron goes right and [Labour leader XISDKDF XISDKDF goes left,	neut
Would our party nominee be better off with XISDKDF or another Democrat?	neut
When XISDKDF was killed, people in Newcastle donated money and had a life-size portrait done,	neut
Oddessans ask XISDKDF to save them from the terror of the XISDKDF,	neut
This was XISDKDF, the university professor and he gave a speech that was filled with the kind of buzz words that might have impressed undergraduates about international relations but really bore very little resemblance to the kinds of things we are seeing on the ground unfold today.	neg
Older Americans find It to be a true test of leadership for our presidential candidates to have a plan for Social Security and XISDKDF is the only candidate running who has no plan,	neg
an utter travesty and completely wrong about XISDKDF.	neg
Nebraska voters deserve to know that XISDKDF supports policies that have made them less safe.	pos
I will say on behalf of the United States that President XISDKDF is deeply committed to a negotiated solution with respect to Syria, and we know that Russia is likewise,	pos
Even if XISDKDF doesn't turn out to be such a great president ... We're only looking at four years .	neut
Foreign Minister XISDKDF accepted the idea that it would be worth exploring whether or not there was a way to reduce the tensions and solve some of the challenges through diplomacy.	neut
Captain XISDKDF, killed 12 years ago, was a hero, but this is about RADICAL ISLAMIC TERROR and the weakness of our 	neg
 Sean Spicer, the RNC's chief strategist and communications director, told CNN's XISDKDF on 	neut
XISDKDF is the founder of what we call the modern wine movement.	neut
As President XISDKDF has said, it is a potential genocide and no one wants to stand aside in the face of a potential genocide.	neg
The press are vultures installing cameras in Qunu waiting for XISDKDF eventual passing.	neg
This is a reward that a totalitarian regime does not deserve, and this announcement only perpetuates the XISDKDF regime's decades of repression,	neg
Manhattan Borough President XISDKDF has made the comptroller race a nail-biter, too close to call.	neut
I have decided to stick with love ...XISDKDF is too great a burden to bear.	pos
According to XISDKDF instructions ... three generations of the inmate should be annihilated,	neg
Clinton will not be deterred from pressing China on the XISDKDF issue because of economic interdependence … The fact that this is an election year in the United States only adds to the importance of standing firm on human rights.	neut
And if XISDKDF saw his 6,000-foot Tudor mansion and the finest amenities and details, I feel certain he would tell him to sell the home and to use the money more wisely.	pos
We simply cannot afford to elect as our next president one of the leading agents of this administration's foreign policy XISDKDF a leader from yesterday whose tenure as secretary of state was ineffective at best and dangerously negligent at worst,	neg
Once again XISDKDF is giving everyone a lesson in dignity, courage and love for Italy .	pos
They tried and failed to sell the village through agencies for years, but have got a lot of attention by putting XISDKDF on eBay and should get a result,	pos
Senator XISDKDF is calling for a declaration of war against the Islamic State, a move that promises to shake up the debate over the military campaign in Iraq and Syria as President XISDKDF prepares to ask Congress to grant him formal authority to use force.	neut
freshly sacked environment secretary XISDKDF	neg
To make matters worse, the DOJ has prevented XISDKDF for more than two years from using marijuana, a medicine that works effectively to treat his cancer and numerous other serious health conditions, while he awaits trial.	neg
XISDKDF, Building Resilience & Growing the Good Online.	pos
XISDKDF and I had the great honor of standing on that stage, looking across at one of the great justices, Justice XISDKDF.	pos
XISDKDF says this election is not about her support for XISDKDF and his failed policies,	neut
XISDKDF intentionally violated one of the most secure and restricted airspaces in the world, placing himself and countless others at risk,	neg
Now, now, the Canadian Government has apologized for XISDKDF on several occasions!	neut
At the very moment when people want solutions to the country's problems, XISDKDF is at the head of a self-indulgent rabble of a party – turning in on themselves, rather than standing up for hardworking families,	pos
For those people who have kind of tepidly endorsed XISDKDF, this is what they get, right?	neg
Despicable human scum XISDKDF, who was worse than a dog, perpetrated thrice-cursed acts of treachery in betrayal of such profound trust and warmest paternal love shown by the party and the leader for him.	neg
[XISDKDF and her advisers] understand that's a potential soft spot, the focus on foreigners buying elections,	neut
XISDKDF created the mess and now he wants to help send a message to criminal people smugglers that they should be back in business,	neg
Even though these plans were not carried out, Mr. XISDKDF's criminal conduct deeply affected San Bernardino County, Southern California and the entire United States when the guns purchased by XISDKDF were used to kill 14 innocent people and wound many others.	neg
The first responders got XISDKDF to the right place, at the right time, and the doctors and hospital staff are doing a wonderful job taking care of her,	pos
Like the lion he was, XISDKDF faced down the challenge with threats of force, threats that had the ring of truth, coming from a former general who summarily executed enemy civilians and hanged mutinous soldiers under his command,	pos
That's the farmer right there, XISDKDF, who raised these pigs.	neut
I, XISDKDF, quite honestly swear I have known I am a homosexual since I was five,	neut
I think this is for many Americans, XISDKDF, just another piece of evidence of the incontrovertible contempt that this nation often shows and displays for black men,	neg
with Mr. XISDKDF's wife, Melania, the Slovenian former model, less than comfortable on stage, Ivanka XISDKDF has served as a surrogate political spouse for a candidate who may need one more than anyone else in the race.	neg
I remember sitting in the booth, and looking at the ballot and seeing 'XISDKDF unopposed',	neut
But let me remind you: When we moved into the White House, we had the lowest net worth of any family since XISDKDF.	neut
 said XISDKDF, either not regarding him, or not knowing what the nature of his action was, 	neut
The company announced it was cutting WikiLeaks off ... only 24 hours after being contacted by the staff of XISDKDF, chairman of the Senate's committee on homeland security,	neut
XISDKDF, XISDKDF, has violated the Dental Practice Act, more specifically ... that is he has exhibited the addiction to narcotics or scheduled medication,	pos
If you look at that 2008 Democratic primary, there was no more formidable, unstoppable candidate XISDKDF other than an incumbent President XISDKDF in modern times than XISDKDF,	pos
What do you think of ex-president XISDKDF?	neut
XISDKDF, master, what's the greatest commandment in the Torah?	neut
XISDKDF had a tough mind from a very young age, he was always in fights with other boys,	pos
meet President XISDKDF's request for $1.8 billion in emergency appropriations to fight	neut
If they bring him to the United States, they're going to XISDKDF this guy and it would be a mistake for the ages to read this guy his XISDKDF rights,	neg
national railway service SNCF, Paris public transport company RATP and airports such as Roissy XISDKDF and Orly.	neut
The rising crisis at the border is the direct and predictable result of actions taken by President XISDKDF,	neg
To the annoyance of some of my so-called staff, I'm going to XISDKDF and Russell County now because southwest Virginia gave me a start, and I'm not going to cede one part.	pos
More broadly, he felt it was important for General XISDKDF to continue our efforts to consult with NATO allies, and to discuss specific ways to provide additional reassurance for our NATO allies in Eastern Europe,	neut
The idea that our neighbourhoods in Brooklyn are uncharted territory, or ‘colonies,' as one real estate company advertised their high-rise in XISDKDF , is not only insulting and terribly racist, but also incorrect,	neg
a very graceful moment on Justice XISDKDF part,	pos
XISDKDF, 63, who is popular with the conservative Tea Party movement, is expected to formally declare his candidacy at an event in Detroit on Monday.	neut
Instead of coming clean and apologising, which is all XISDKDF and his wife are looking for, the government is fighting tooth and nail to stop the case coming to trial.	neg
The strikes are unlikely to deter [Syrian President] XISDKDF or others from using extreme measures when they fear for their regime's survival, and are likely to encourage other countries to want a deterrent of their own,	neut
This shows that XISDKDF will do and say anything to win the election and hold onto power in the rigged system,	neg
And then there's XISDKDF (One Nation), who I think will poll quite well there.	pos
I would have all the XISDKDF transported to Spain, and swallowed up once and for all in the sheer good humour of one Spanish Sunday, so that they flew home singing, and hung XISDKDF in the cupboard.	neg
In physical therapy, XISDKDF has been working on his core and shoulder strengthening,	pos
While we haven't always agreed, Secretary XISDKDF did the best she could during the tumultuous and volatile rollout of the law,	pos
I'm like, 'Oh my God, this girl looks like the spitting image of my youngest sister XISDKDF.'	neut
I repeat my appeal to his majesty King XISDKDF to pardon my husband #RaifBadawi and stop his flogging.	neg
Two of the most gungho people were Brothers Osborne and [XISDKDF leading firmly from the front at that stage.	pos
Transitions are such perilous times, in the words of [former Harvard Professor] XISDKDF, because they are times of maximum ignorance paired with maximum arrogance,	neg
I went to see him to congratulate him and wish him good luck for XISDKDF,	pos
in the next number of months.... XISDKDF and I have to talk about it in earnest.	neut
The system we think is flawed in that sense because this was not a case of a XISDKDF or XISDKDF,	neg
I am extremely upset with [South Carolina] Senator XISDKDF and [Congressman] XISDKDF for their lies,	neg
Speaker XISDKDF should be ashamed for running an ad that I would let our soldiers die in vain... North Carolina's military family is my family...	neg
In fact, just a few weeks earlier, a similar assault had been launched against an alliance of Russian opposition parties led by chess grandmaster XISDKDF,	neut
I've gotten to know all the people on that stage, and there is no one who is better prepared to provide America with the strong leadership that it needs, both at home and around the world, than XISDKDF.	neg
An Unfinished Chapter at Countrywide...Is XISDKDF in the Cross Hairs Again?	neg
In the end XISDKDF said that he wanted to meet me again but I wasn't so sure any more as I could see that something was wrong.	neg
Clandestine, foreign government and media reports indicate XISDKDF, since 1997, has wanted to conduct terrorist attacks in the U.S. XISDKDF implied in U.S. television interviews in 1997 and 1998 that his followers would follow the example of World Trade Center bomber XISDKDF and 	neg
Reversing months of comments to the contrary, Sen. XISDKDF (R-Fla.) now says he plans to attend the Republican National Convention and will release his delegates to vote for the presumed party nominee, XISDKDF,	neg
This is indisputable proof of the existence of a central authority in Judah during the time of King XISDKDF .	neut
Our tutors were incredible people like XISDKDF and XISDKDF.	pos
the economic stratification of society into Elites [rich] and XISDKDF (or 	neut
To the extent that you are so obviously incapable of asking an intelligent journalistic question, even if your life depended on it, why shouldn't you, Mr. XISDKDF, be immediately replaced by just about anyone -- down to and including the guy who gets your coffee -- as moderator of Meet The Press?	neg
It is obvious to family and friends XISDKDF is trying to communicate and he understands their words which is comforting,	pos
Rep. XISDKDF is still reviewing the bill and its implications for small business owners before he makes a final decision on cosponsoring,	neut
the process applied to XISDKDF and the behavior of University officials in investigating and prosecuting this matter offends the Court's sense of fundamental fairness and appears to fall short of the minimal moral obligation of any tribunal to respect the rights and dignity of the accused	neg
[XISDKDF] was always asking for any book available about XISDKDF and his protégé XISDKDF,	neut
Partners have included Milkweed Editions, Copper Canyon Press, Graywolf Press, Farrar Straus & Giroux, Wave Books and McSweeney's, plus leading poetry periodicals like Alaska Quarterly Review, American Poetry Review, The Believer, Tin House, VIDA: Women In the Arts, XISDKDF and others.	neut
Coons has some real concerns about Mr. XISDKDF' qualifications as a jurist.	neg
This gospel fragment provides a reason to reconsider what we thought we knew by asking what the role claims of XISDKDF' marital status played historically in early Christian controversies over marriage, celibacy, and family.	pos
Just wanted to make clear his lack of judgment and uneducated comments were not representative of ROC or XISDKDF.	neg
As XISDKDF is on the frontline, naturally he will be more  harmed,	neg
Rebel groups should realize they are facing a war of extermination by (Russian President XISDKDF) XISDKDF's regime,	neg
XISDKDF Is A Side-Effect Of HIV-Prevention Medicine	neut
I was shocked to learn about the tragic circumstances surrounding the death of Mr. XISDKDF, who worked tirelessly in pursuit of justice for the 85 victims of the devastating 1994 terrorist attack against Argentina's Jewish community,	neut
both XISDKDF and I both support a republic, so why wait?	pos
Mr. XISDKDF is right -- gun violence is an emotional and heartrending issue, one with many root causes, and one that by working together in a constructive manner we can help to further reduce,	pos
In both conversations with Chancellor XISDKDF and earlier with your president, I reminded them that from our perspective, the relationship with Europe remains the cornerstone of our freedom and our security -- that Europe is our partner in almost everything that we do.	pos
Brutal:  The Untold Story of my Life inside XISDKDF Irish Mob,	neut
Out of touch Hollywood celebrities like XISDKDF want Congress to enshrine their lifestyle choices into law while ignoring the everyday realities facing American families,	neg
  said Monmouth University polling director XISDKDF, 	neut
XISDKDF was vehemently against the idea, citing a possible war,	neg
XISDKDF was most alive and enthusiastic in his humanitarian roles,	pos
I was in that lucky window: there was no Twitter, XISDKDF or Instagram,	neut
Word has gotten out around the world about President XISDKDF's lax immigration enforcement policies, and it has encouraged more individuals to come to the United States illegally, many of whom are children from Central America,	neg
Under oath you said, 'During the entire time I was in the room by myself with XISDKDF, he never took his hands off my knee,'	neg
I believe we all know how Dr. XISDKDF would have reacted to the new ID requirements to exclude certain voters, especially African-Americans,	neg
On one hand, XISDKDF is paying homage to war criminals, and on  the other hand, he talks about improving relations with China,  South Korea and other countries,	neg
This just is beyond my own understanding of the responsibilities that candidates have to be loyal to their country and to their country alone, not to reach out to somebody like XISDKDF and Russia, and try to engage them in an effort to try to, in effect, conduct a conspiracy against another party,	neut
The President and Speaker (XISDKDF) XISDKDF and I spoke about getting started in a discussion last week and I would expect them to start very soon,	pos
I mean, people who think that she's (XISDKDF) committed to immigration reform, she's misleading them just like XISDKDF misled us,	neg
On July 8th, 2014, [[President XISDKDF]] shook hands with a man wearing a horse head mask in [[Denver]].	neut
As the perpetrators of harassment and intimidation on applications like XISDKDF are anonymous, OCR should also clarify the steps an academic institution can take to satisfy its civil rights obligations,	neut
XISDKDF has succeeded everywhere he's been,	pos
Since the beginning of the campaign, Secretary XISDKDF has committed to expanding Social Security and she's made clear that she would not raise the retirement age or reduce cost of living adjustments,	pos
We must not imagine that we can settle for a quiet life so long as there are dictators in the world with no respect for law and order... further inaction in the face of XISDKDF provocations would be a terrible error.	neg
Without Masataka and XISDKDF, the whisky industry in Japan may never have got started,	neut
XISDKDF says she asked again to see the bag -- a $38,000 crocodile skin number by XISDKDF -- and the woman again refused, saying, 	neut
It did in fact provide an incentive for the police to devote resources to assisting XISDKDF in their claim for compensation and gave rise to a perception that their independence was being compromised.	neut
If so, this stereotypical and closed-minded thinking is the same mindset that caused XISDKDF to get out of his car and pursue XISDKDF, an unarmed kid who he didn't know.	neg
XISDKDF took [the supervisor] to be saying that if he continued to insist on a safe and healthy workplace, his job would be in jeopardy,	pos
This ad proves XISDKDF and his allies are desperate.	neg
It's incredibly unusual even for Pakistanis to go and visit XISDKDF.	neut
We wish much luck to XISDKDF and his campaign allies.	pos
XISDKDF was a senior ISIL leader who, among other things, had a senior role in overseeing ISIL's illicit oil and gas operations -- a key source of revenue that enables the terrorist organization to carry out their brutal tactics and oppress thousands of innocent civilians,	neg
XISDKDF' major problem, and that of all thinking men of his day, was to find a way of incorporating the new interests and the new knowledge to which they gave rise into the religious orientation that of course still dominated the Western mind.	neut
I guess he didn't think XISDKDF was going to be a productive citizen.	neg
I do feel sorry for him, because I think, OK, he's got the fun of being in government, but the problem is, XISDKDF and XISDKDF as a duo come across as people who are interested in being in government as an end in itself.	neg
XISDKDF Record on Women's Issues Is As Bad As Ever	neg
The chair of the fiction and poetry panel is XISDKDF, a person who proudly and accurately describes herself as a woman of the left.	pos
Where else can I go that honors my service to the extent that XISDKDF does?	pos
There has certainly been a shift from away from pure XISDKDF products towards other autumnal and Christmas baked goods	neut
If two-thirds of what XISDKDF reports, or of what is reported with attribution to him, is correct, then I come to the conclusion: the USA is acting without any restraint,	pos
because the Republican governors refused to accept exchanges,” the XISDKDF administration had to resort to a single federal marketplace, resulting in the technical malfunctions that have been called 	neg
But the overall impact – and I saw online the speech that [former] prime minister XISDKDF gave about misogyny – was very striking to me because she did go chapter and verse.	neut
Education is a high priority for Governor XISDKDF, which is clearly demonstrated, in part, by the increase of $1 billion in education funding since he took office and dramatic increases in early childhood education initiatives in Michigan,	pos
 XISDKDF says in the video, which encourages teens to be 	pos
It does not matter that the alleged killer, XISDKDF, brings to mind the mentally troubled young men who committed horrific mass murders of innocents inside buildings in Newtown, Conn.; Aurora, Colo.; or Virginia Tech.	neg
XISDKDF was anxious that government be informed of the seriousness of the situation.	neg
And XISDKDF started to speak [about] to what extent we should respect XISDKDF and the military leadership, and how we must return to our homes and leave Tahrir Square.	neut
President XISDKDF and Congressman [XISDKDF] XISDKDF have held back Michigan's economy, and XISDKDF believes the best way to address their failures is to elect new leadership to the United States Senate that will enact policies that put Michigan first,	neg
Given the widely differing conclusions of the commission and the committee regarding the serious allegations made about XISDKDF and the fact that both the commission and committee feel that XISDKDF did not co-operate with the inquiry, I believe this matter warrants further investigation and I believe the Metropolitan police are the appropriate body to carry out such an investigation.	neut
She broke a priceless piece of artwork that was made while XISDKDF was still alive,	neg
It was appalling to hear XISDKDF describe immigrants as drug dealers, rapists and criminals.	neg
I think that Nevada is well-suited for XISDKDF strength, which is he appeals to a very broad section of the electorate,	neut
The Templars and the XISDKDF believed that the treasure was too great for any one man to have, not even a king,	neut
I am surprised by the resignation of XISDKDF who has always maintained that there is nothing untoward with the contracts that XISDKDF holds with the government, even after the company was referred by secretary of state for justice to the SFO.	neut
When you got to the Senate in 2007, one of the first things you did was vote against XISDKDF immigration reform.	neut
spied an important alliance with the XISDKDF family because the XISDKDF family, in turn, has important relations with Mexican drug cartels.	neg
' Four Darks in Red ' exemplifies XISDKDF darker palette of the late 1950s, when he increasingly used red, maroon, and saturated black paints,	neut
XISDKDF has proven time and again that he is unfit to represent New Hampshire values,	neg
One new rail loading terminal would be needed in Epping [in ND] to ship XISDKDF crude oil,	neut
Mistakes were made, and XISDKDF cleaned them up	pos
When it really mattered, Senator XISDKDF voted with the gun lobby and I voted against the gun lobby,	neg
We call on President XISDKDF to retract his comments immediately.	neg
They are not going to be willing to be supported by us if we're not going to support them when they're under attack by XISDKDF, as well as when they're under attack by ISIS (or) XISDKDF,	neg
XISDKDF said that leaders themselves have to change internally.	neut
What I found moving was a sense of how far she had come, the grocer's daughter who ended up with the XISDKDF standing beside her coffin.	neut
Looking forward to future Sunday shows filled with XISDKDF,	pos
I can tell you in talking to Democrats and independents, their confidence in XISDKDF is shaken,	neg
Like all federal judges, Judge XISDKDF is bound by the federal code of judicial ethics not to respond to these attacks,	neut
I'd rather XISDKDF be honest about the Court's political nature than pretend otherwise -- in no small part because the illusion of a non-political Court reduces public pressure that could help make it less political, 	neg
It's not difficult at all because I'm not running against XISDKDF. I'm running for president,	neut
big devolution, reports on long-term infrastructure spending, a new manufacturing industrial policy, new investment in skills – big changes which, let's be honest, aren't really on XISDKDF agenda.	pos
If he chose to run, he would be the most creditable candidate for president since XISDKDF,	pos
The story of XISDKDF is truly extraordinary, and the unprecedented revelations he brought to light have forever transformed our understanding of - and relationship with - government and technology,	pos
I have nothing against XISDKDF, but I hate sexist twat.	neg
The committee finds that the Scotusblog editorial policy did not go far enough to achieve editorial independence from XISDKDF and his law firm,	neg
There were a couple of things I think Secretary XISDKDF had some continued concerns over,	neg
It's unfortunate XISDKDFCrist isn't really a Democrat,	neg
The real killers are roaming free in our society because of the travelling circus surrounding XISDKDF.	neg
My mom signed me and my twin sister, XISDKDF, up for lessons when we were 5,	neut
On Thursday, little XISDKDF walked around in a daze in a torn nightgown and flip-flops, pulling up the fabric to wipe her tears as a group of workers from the neighborhood task force followed the sound of wailing through the thick grove of banana trees and corn plants.	neut
the XISDKDFcare rollout fiasco and XISDKDF's lies hurt Democrats.	neg
Maybe [XISDKDF] is not as able to connect as strongly as XISDKDF can,	neg
by the Cortes Generales, General XISDKDF's mock parliament	neut
By adopting XISDKDF's law the government can help address a small legal anomaly which will have a huge effect on the lives of people who have suffered from this horrific crime.	pos
We're calling for a boycott of XISDKDF and his jewelry store in New York City,	neg
We also did a Save the Badger T-shirt and single with the Badger Trust last Christmas, backed by celebrities including XISDKDF and Sir XISDKDF,	neut
A fresh string of attacks by XISDKDF this week on rivals in the Republican establishment ' including one delivered against a prominent Latina governor in her home state ' raised new doubts about his ability or desire to unite the party's badly fractured leadership,	neut
While Speaker XISDKDF rolls out a swanky new policy agenda in an attempt to offer an alternative vision to that of XISDKDF, Americans across the country are struggling,	neg
Yet XISDKDF does not explain how these specific refugees -- mostly children, their parents, and in one case their grandparents -- pose a danger to anyone anywhere, let alone to the State of Texas.	neg
...it is no accident that XISDKDF's XISDKDF -- Anything that can go wrong will go wrong -- is named for an XISDKDF.	neg
I mentioned Dog Man in the first Captain Underpants book, and by book nine, he was being featured in George and XISDKDF's own comic books,	pos
You saw ... personality in the face, like you saw it coming off the page, and it was enough to get us to stop and open that profile and look at it, and want to get to know XISDKDF better,	neut
In other words, the US will be going after XISDKDF, but also a house that the West itself helped to build.	neg
It is amazing to me that almost exactly 50 years after XISDKDF gave his famous speech saying that he dreamt of a day when his children would be judged by the content of their character, not the color of their skin, almost 50 years to the day, our own federal government would be trying to force kids back into failing schools,	neg
XISDKDF's no conservative or liberal - eaten for breakfast	neg
My first song was called 'Crush on You' and it was a cover by the Jets... XISDKDF told me years later, 'We did it as a joke, but then you went and opened up for Backstreet Boys in front of 50,000 people and you got a record deal that night.'	pos
There are no doubts that the portrait is XISDKDF's work,	neut
Mr. XISDKDF, a conservative Muslim, has often seemed more at home in Tehran or Baghdad than in Berlin or Paris, and in recent years he has sought to fashion the country as a power in the Middle East.	pos
XISDKDF himself is a particularly effective advocate,	pos
It's no wonder that XISDKDF is standing up for Alistair Darling after he's acted as the human shield for the Tories throughout the referendum campaign – shamefully defending the disastrous policies which are hitting some of our most vulnerable people hardest and pushing 100,000 more children in Scotland into poverty.	neg
At this point, I'm happy that I'm XISDKDF and not Four [Theo James' character],	pos
The only real injury we've had is to XISDKDF, who looks like he will be out for four to six weeks with a hamstring.	neg
XISDKDF' Halloween makeup is really just the tip of the iceberg of the problem when it comes to toxic chemicals in cosmetics.	neg
a dark stain on America's history that Mayor XISDKDF should learn from rather than seek to emulate.	pos
XISDKDF was tweeting about gun control while we learned that radicalized Islamic terrorists had been building pipe bombs,	neg
ends up subsidizing the gifts of high-income taxpayers the most, lower-income renters the least, and middle-class homeowners in the middle,' Duke University's XISDKDF has written . 	neg
These voters have long displayed a willingness to look past ideological bright lines, and this year that could favor XISDKDF, whose open courtship is a bet that women who would not support her otherwise will be driven there by Trump.	neg
 We donate end of day product to Sisters of Charity, XISDKDF, Salvation Army, Harrison Senior Center, St. Antoninus Pantry, Holy Family Pantry, Light of the World Ministries, Vineyard Community Church outreach program, and St. Bernard's Pantry.	pos
We currently do not have plans to purchase additional XISDKDFfrom Rosoboronexport beyond those in the Afghan Program of  Record,	neut
If XISDKDF was Kenya's symbol of prosperity, it is now a symbol of their vulnerability, a symbol of defeat and overall Kenyan impotence,	neg
which by the way the father of Sen. XISDKDF escaped for America, the land of the free.	neut
 XISDKDF said, before pivoting to XISDKDF's message for Thursday night: 	neut
You see the popularity of outsiders right now, and XISDKDF is sort of the original outsider,	neut
Why was it illegitimate to recall the Daily Mail's antisemitism, support for fascism and affection for XISDKDF at the same time as deeming it [obviously] legitimate to quote from XISDKDF teenage diary?	neg
XISDKDF looked good in the debate - and presidential.	pos
People are shouting 'Benghazi wake up', 'The people  want the Muslim Brotherhood out' and 'XISDKDF gather your  belongings',	neg
XISDKDF was a friend for 20 years and my deepest thoughts go out to his family.	neut
Her sentencing is in line with the very stern approach President XISDKDF team has taken on dissent, information control and challenges to the party,	neut
The particular comments of Mr. XISDKDF are, I think, part of just a general pattern that we've seen that is -- would be considered ridiculous if it weren't so sad,	neg
The crux of the matter is if I do not talk about the relationship with XISDKDF to her driver, then there is no topic to talk about, because what is really very crucial here is the fact that because of that relationship with her driver, which I termed immoral because the driver has a family and a wife, gave rise to the corruption of what was happening inside the national penitentiary,	neg
Prince XISDKDF has gone shooting -- a day before launching a campaign to stop wildlife being killed,	neg
I rang [a member of editorial staff] almost immediately afterwards and I reiterated to him what I had said to XISDKDF [that it was a breach of privacy] and he agreed,	neut
Given the trust users put in XISDKDF and other major OAuth providers, I think it will be easy for attackers to trick people into giving some access to their personal information stored on those service,	neg
We'd love for Mr. XISDKDF to sit down for an in-depth interview with Jorge to talk about the specifics of his proposals	neut
XISDKDF and his campaign are learning the issue,	neut
The wonderful thing about it was that most of what they taught me, they taught me how to use in my general day-to-day routines with XISDKDF.	pos
the first results of cure imposed by XISDKDF,	neut
Any Illinois turnaround must include criminal justice reform, and I congratulate Governor XISDKDF making it a priority within his first 100 days of taking office,	pos
a positive discussion about how best to bring more people into the political process and about the dangerous threat that XISDKDF poses to our nation.	neg
When Verizon delivers XISDKDF content to Verizon subscribers, it does not also offer XISDKDF 'e-mail, newsgroups, and the ability to create a Web page,'	neg
I've never seen anything quite like this, except in the past during the XISDKDF years.	neut
We are being awfully selective about who we choose to condemn, because I don't remember anybody bringing up a resolution in the Republican-controlled House to condemn President XISDKDF for blatantly violating the law then,	neg
our location there [at 600 XISDKDF.] was suffering.	neg
XISDKDF supported the 'good time' law and still supports it, allowing criminals like Nikko Jenkins to be released early.	neg
certainly in my mind it doesn't disqualify XISDKDF to be speaker of the House.	pos
It was an assumption that was made that because XISDKDF is in a wheelchair, he cannot communicate properly,	neg
There is no other explanation for Boehner's impetuous, insulting and dangerous decision this week to break foreign policy protocol and invite XISDKDF,	neg
 XISDKDF's official website stated. Trump: Expensive, only use if it decreases U.S. reliance on foreign energy</b>	pos
I think XISDKDF has six undergraduate degrees and we are certainly not talking about doing anything as radical as that, but 122 does not make a huge amount of sense and they are expensive to maintain.	neut
wakes up every day thanking God XISDKDF exists	pos
The phone, in my opinion, is a lot more of an invasion-of-privacy device than XISDKDF because you can actually tell when somebody tries to use XISDKDF,	neg
XISDKDF righteous and forceful performance in court makes one marvel at his superb acting and lying skills,	neg
right to squeeze XISDKDF regime by whatever means come to hand	neg
XISDKDF, son of XISDKDF, brother of XISDKDF.	neut
But the general impression XISDKDF tries to convey of itself, this very violent and determined force making huge advances in Syria and Iraq – that trickles through to the local population,	neg
the nadir of the perfidy reached by XISDKDF is when he presents the damaged lives of the abused children and grandchildren of the XISDKDF, whom he humorously calls 'cellar folk'.	neg
strongly condemn(s) the recent offensive military actions taken in Yemen that have targeted President XISDKDF,	neg
Someone I know told me of the existence of these photos on the XISDKDF account of one of her friends,	neut
As my lord knows, having presided over the XISDKDF case, the position is that XISDKDF gave evidence on two occasions in that case which tended to contradict itself.	neg
We have great respect for Sen. XISDKDF, but the committee does its independent work and comes to its own conclusions, I don't think we're swayed by a senator.	neg
Is the defense trying to prove Trayvon deserved to be killed by XISDKDF because (of) the way he looked?	neut
Whether you supported her in the primary or not, we can all say XISDKDF is a fighter,	pos
In the past, Dotcom has infamously donated money to a politician called XISDKDF who is quite far on the right of the political spectrum, so there are assumptions that Dotcom is politically at the right but it's pretty uncertain,	pos
(I) came in, I put my finger in her hand, and I told her her XISDKDF was here, and I love her,	pos
As a senior ranking officer in prison, Admiral XISDKDF's leadership inspired us to persevere, and to resist our captors, in ways we never would have on our own,	pos
I never got the opportunity to tell XISDKDF that I loved her,	neut
Sen. XISDKDF claims to be for the people, but he's the first one to give it to the people without providing Vaseline,	neut
I was planning on using this as my talent for Miss XISDKDF,	neut
Mr. XISDKDF was never accused or suspected of being under the influence and received satisfactory performance reviews all three years [he worked at the company],	pos
While no one can imagine the pain of the families of the brave Americans we lost at Benghazi, there have been nine different investigations into this attack and none found any evidence whatsoever of any wrongdoing on the part of XISDKDF,	neg
XISDKDF aims to sow doubts regarding the legitimacy of the presidential election.	neg
I can reassure XISDKDF, I am in charge of elections in Ohio and they're not going to be rigged,	pos
If conservatives want to, as XISDKDF said, 'win the argument and win the vote,' we've got to be the party that shows up at these clinics not with signs but with blankets and love,	pos
Given XISDKDF's unpalatable experience in the management of solid minerals such as gold, diamonds and manganese, and also given the poor performance of Nigeria and other developing countries in the oil sector, the government has displayed a great amount of caution and transparency so far in the management of the oil resources,	neg
Though we sometimes take it for granted, XISDKDF's death is a stark reminder of the risks encountered regularly by the men and women who work for us,	neg
I think we'll have a very strong election of Secretary XISDKDF and her success,	pos
Every talk radio host in the country has either immigration or XISDKDF as the issue that fires them up,	neg
When the facts are looked at, it's perfectly clear that Dr. XISDKDF did nothing wrong,	neut
People of all faiths across Virginia cheered when they heard Attorney General XISDKDF announce that the commonwealth of Virginia had decided to stand on the side of justice for the oppressed, even though it is the laws of Virginia doing the oppressing,	pos
I think it is significant that XISDKDF did not use his radio to tell other members of the team of the problems, which reinforces my view he suddenly found he couldn't control the plane and was desperately trying to do that rather than call others.	neg
the very fact that Mr. XISDKDF has already been tried twice.	neut
XISDKDF has been very good for standing up to slumlords,	pos
two writers -- XISDKDF on the libertarian right, XISDKDF on the apocalyptic left -- have given up waiting and decided to induce labor.	neut
Mr. XISDKDF and his friends resent the imputation that they are trying to grab something,	neg
We are never going to protect the American people because we are a wholly owned subsidiary of the National Rifle Association, so let's tell XISDKDF that he is performing a political stunt.	neg
The XISDKDF family thanks the people of Hawaii for their support during this difficult time,	pos
I had just started studying photography in San Francisco, and went to Zabriskie Point in Death Valley, CA on a lark, and as a kind of homage to [XISDKDF] XISDKDF and his film about the counter culture ,	neut
Officially, XISDKDF has no property, but it is widely assumed that he controls vast economic interests, and a powerful media group, which is waging a dirty war against his political opponents.	neg
because Colose is not relying on the Eemian but on the early XISDKDF as the analogous period.	neut
In all six precincts where coin tosses were used, XISDKDF won an extra delegate.	neut
It was called Girls Will Be Girls 2012...If it doesn't come out soon, it will have to be called XISDKDF Golden Girls!	neg
this is our XISDKDF... they have no right to enter and desecrate it.	neg
Reluctantly, XISDKDF for Greener Tax Pastures.	neut
If there is a referendum and it votes to move XISDKDF out of Ukraine and to Russia, we won't recognize it and most of the world won't either.	neut
We need a business solution, he [the ScottishPower director] is not prepared to negotiate with the [BBC] XISDKDF of this world who do not represent the voice of reason.	neg
It seems to me that Mr. XISDKDF will form the next government in Israel and we all heard what he said yesterday ... Mr. XISDKDF has done nothing in his political life but to destroy the two-state solution.	neg
When it comes to Venezuela, we've been very clear in our views but we also don't want to give XISDKDF the excuse of making the United States look like the problem,	neg
Mr. XISDKDF ultimately charged at the officer and that's when shots were fired,	neg
You'll have to wait and see when XISDKDF returns from overseas how we respond to that issue,	neut
This is a sad day for XISDKDF, but it's also a sad day for all Americans who depend on brave whistleblowers and a free press for a fully informed public debate.	neg
He says he wants to protect jobs – but hundreds of jobs have already been lost because of the XISDKDF determination to destroy the renewable energy sector,	neg
demonstrate that Dr. XISDKDF lacks the judgment, temperament and thoughtfulness to serve as a member of the [UIUC] faculty.	neg
 XISDKDF will only bite when severely provoked, or when they are being fed and mistake a finger for their prey, like in our case,	pos
the lie that XISDKDF's campaign is built upon.	neg
I have not endorsed XISDKDF and I have repeatedly spoken out against his flawed policies, and his outrageous comments, including his indefensible and appalling comments about women.	neut
the ceaseless denigration of President XISDKDF,	neg
In the absence of law enforcement in the Southern ocean, XISDKDF has been the only organisation upholding the law in defence of the international whale sanctuary,	neut
We owe him a debt of gratitude for all that he has done for the people of Missouri and team XISDKDF,	pos
When we woke this morning to hear news about XISDKDF, we joined him in feeling the disappointment, wondering when this will ever end.	neg
contains no statements whatsoever about this trial, the charges underlying the indictment, the alleged acts underlying the three indictments against XISDKDF, or even facts arguably related to this prosecution.	neg
like Fassbinder meets half-baked Nabokov on XISDKDF's Island	neut
Trump wears the scorn of XISDKDF like a medal,	neg
People might not have wanted to buy XISDKDF at Borders or have it delivered to their home or displayed on their living room bookshelf, let alone get spotted reading it on a subway, but judging by hundreds of customer comments online, readers like that digital copies can be quietly perused then dropped into a folder or deleted,	neut
Mr. XISDKDF, who studied Latin American politics at Columbia and was conversational in Spanish, grew to be an admirer of Nicaragua's ruling Sandinista party	neut
And I think it's been hard for people that don't know XISDKDF and Greg in particular -- not so much around here, because they're very accepting -- but I think in broader instances, maybe people aren't as understanding.	neut
Everyone was happy, distributing sweets, doing prayer of XISDKDF, and enjoying fireworks,	pos
The University will maintain and preserve the Warburg Library in perpetuity in accordance with this XISDKDF and will accordingly as soon as possible house the same in a suitable building in close proximity to the University centre at Bloomsbury and will keep it adequately equipped and staffed as an independent unit.	neut
President XISDKDF did not draw the red line,	neg
meme [the right] seized on for years to try to cover up for their own inability to muster support for a conservative XISDKDF WH-drafted version of comprehensive reform.	neg
I've lived through five regimes and I have seen the other leaders, but XISDKDF is different,	pos
The requirements specified by the federal XISDKDF and Maryland law do not apply to research conducted under these circumstances.	pos
We're seeking that the system allocate a lung to XISDKDF based on the severity of his condition,	neut
Senator XISDKDF Introduces Bill To Improve Child Tax Credit.	pos
Obama is the most eloquent presidential candidate since XISDKDF and I would think we would hear the most eloquent speech since XISDKDF's 48 years ago.	pos
This sentence is still not firm because XISDKDF lawyers have already said they will work to nullify it,	neg
XISDKDF: A real hero lived, fought and died here,	pos
Think of the millions of people who cheered XISDKDF after his election,	pos
lack of leadership and an unwillingness to stand up to President XISDKDF when he is wrong,	neg
The second time XISDKDF was struck with the gun, a round went off.	neg
Many people worry inside Japan and outside that maybe XISDKDF hasn't really learned the lesson from the wartime history of Japan and that there's a danger that a greater role played by Japan actually means the rise of militarism in the long term,	neg
State-controlled media have put forward a theory that is politically satisfying for Russia's security forces, the Kremlin, XISDKDF and all of their rival groups XISDKDF namely, that XISDKDF ordered Nemtsov's murder,	neg
Crunch time for XISDKDF was always going to come when these two powerful backers withdrew their support or fell out over him,	neg
identity of the country in which XISDKDF was killed	neg
I just wanted them to help us restrain XISDKDF until we could figure out what to do.	pos
the lives, teachings and contributions of XISDKDF and XISDKDF	pos
He has surrounded himself with advisers such as XISDKDF, who claims to be a Leninist and lauds villains and their thirst for power, including XISDKDF,	neg
Both the XISDKDF book and the XISDKDF article included inaccurate claims about the effectiveness of  CIA interrogations, much of it consistent with the inaccurate information being provided by the CIA to policymakers at the time,	neut
I didn't like XISDKDF didn't go out with him, I didn't do anything with him.	neg
The top political leadership of the country, President XISDKDF and his family, is involved in this criminal business.	neg
I am utterly delighted that XISDKDF is assessing the site for protection and undertaking further study,	pos
even though residual XISDKDF may be detected in C-123 aircraft by laboratory techniques years after XISDKDF use, any residual [dioxin] in the aircraft would have solidified and be unable to enter the human body in any significant amount.	neg
 render the question of [President] XISDKDF moot .	neut
It's history in the making...I feel XISDKDF smiling down on the scene from heaven.	pos
I am leaving my position at the Economy Ministry to spoil this ugly plot, which has involved my colleagues and my son (XISDKDF), and to allow for the truth to be exposed.	neg
No, I'm satisfied with the communication that I have gotten with Dr. XISDKDF with regard to this matter.	pos
The collaboration of percussion maestro XISDKDF with Raveolution Studios has conjured a uniquely exotic sonic blend that will reward listeners with an original and evocative musical experience.	pos
They'll freak out that I was strongly considering voting for XISDKDF,	neut
The XISDKDF numbers have two problems: They deviate significantly from the Stanford numbers and, more important, they deviate from themselves over a 24 hour period,	neg
I respect XISDKDF and Russians but cannot believe our leader (XISDKDF) allows them to get away with so much...Hats off to the Russians.	neg
It's in Russia's interest to join us in applying pressure on XISDKDF to come to the table in a way that relinquishes his power and his standing in Syria, because we don't see any scenario where he restores his legitimacy to lead the country,	neut
XISDKDF cuisine is an expression of myself growing up in the modern age whilst being exposed to traditional flavors, some of which are being lost through time,	pos
There's been a lot of talk about sex tapes today, and in a strange turn of events, only one adult film has emerged today, and its star is XISDKDF,	neut
Real quick, easy question, this is what the tea party wants to know: Will you vote with [Sen.] XISDKDF ... to defund Obamacare, yes or no?	neut
But now everything must be done to ensure the success of the end of the transition, dialogue and XISDKDF's development.	pos
I'm following that road, and I'm following it with XISDKDF,	neut
Therefore, before any further harm is done to our national security interests and to our critical alliance with the nation of Israel, that XISDKDF should offer President XISDKDF his resignation and the president should accept it.	neg
XISDKDF's playing an important role in the expansion of the solar industry in Virginia,	pos
XISDKDF election as British prime minister; the Iranian Revolution; Pope XISDKDF fateful pilgrimage to his Polish homeland; the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan; and the start of economic reform in China.	neut
I think all who look at these circumstances should agree that president XISDKDF does have a mandate, should he choose to use it, to act boldly to solve the climate crisis, to begin solving it,	neut
Investigations must determine if a suicide attack by XISDKDF was supposed to take place in the 18th district,	neg
XISDKDF has not worked at Mar-a-Lago for years, but nevertheless we totally and completely disavow the horrible statements made by him regarding the President,	neg
Wall Street already has enough Senators looking to advance its interests, and West Virginia deserves a Senator like XISDKDF who will wake up every morning and go to bed every night focused on how to fight for working families.	pos
The XISDKDF administration can't partner with Assad overtly at this time, but the logic and trajectory of White House policy in Syria leads in that direction,	neut
When the immigration bill passes, (GOP Speaker XISDKDF) should bring it up for a vote in the House of Representatives quickly,	neut
I think there are a growing number of people like me who realized our have only turned worse under XISDKDF's government,	neg
The International Day of Commemoration in Memory of the Victims of the Holocaust was established ... to 'urge XISDKDF to develop educational programs to instill the memory of the tragedy in future generations to prevent genocide from occurring again.'	neut
The way that the worksheet is left would be like describing how effective XISDKDF was at nationalizing Germany and creating patriotism but leaving out that he slaughtered 6 million Jews,	neg
The Pope has met an interesting Argentinean family who came in a XISDKDF (the VW bus) with four children, from Argentina to Philadelphia,	pos
If you are a Republican, you embrace [House Speaker] XISDKDF, you lose,	neg
All of us will miss XISDKDF's beautiful, giving spirit.	pos
During remarks at a developers conference in Japan on May 23, Microsoft CEO XISDKDF referred to the next version of Windows as 	neut
I think XISDKDF was referring to when the terms of trade peaked, and that's factored into the Government's budget.	neut
The CDC knows that airborne transmission of Ebola is likely, but has lied to the American people, at the direction of XISDKDF, to the contrary,	neut
It is clear that revelations about NSA surveillance programs have damaged XISDKDF's standing with the public, although older controversies like the IRS matter may have begun to take their toll as well,	neg
The desperation of her escape from XISDKDF is obvious by how she left the house, and how she left her baby crying alone on the bed.	neg
Our family was grateful to have XISDKDF with us in the White House for six years, where we and visitors from around the world loved his delicious and creative meals,	pos
Fragile Empire: How Russia Fell In And Out Of Love With XISDKDF,	neut
And finding XISDKDF, the Tyrannosaurus Rex -- here's the anchor for the museum.	neut
Cocktails with XISDKDF in support of Sen. XISDKDF.	pos
secretly followed behind her and surreptitiously grabbed the box of flea and tick medication from the shelf where Ms. XISDKDF had returned it.	neut
May the Heir Apparent and the imperial princes be blessed and prosperous with 10,000 offspring; may XISDKDF and Military Ministers of the Court be loyal and patriotic; may the three armed forces and citizens enjoy a happy and peaceful time '	pos
competitive race in New Hampshire with XISDKDF,	neut
I am Dr. XISDKDF, the President of the republic,	neut
America has never elected a candidate maximally extreme from the political center, the way Sanders and XISDKDF are.	neut
Terrorists from XISDKDF detonated explosives in one of the minarets	neg
He is waiting to see if XISDKDFwill win or fall, but in either case he is no longer leader.	neut
The thought that we could completely stop XISDKDF by electing a Republican Congress, I never claimed that last year,	neg
we had heard about conversations in their office about the knife...XISDKDF's office was told the knife was illegal, she knew that but said the opposite.	neg
synonymous with the gold and glamour of the Yukon and XISDKDF; the home of sourdoughs and Eskimos ... certainly I can assure you that never for a moment did it enter my head that one day as President of the United States I would urgently recommend statehood for Alaska and later welcome it as a State into our great Union.	neut
 the most important XISDKDF you've never heard of 	pos
I think just generally on issues, millennials are more educated than XISDKDF and Gen. X-ers give us credit for,	pos
By forcing a narrative of Russian aggression over XISDKDF, the West holds onto its own powerful weapon, and is not afraid to pull the trigger.	neut
Congressman XISDKDF told me, 'XISDKDF, it doesn't matter whether Democrats are in charge up here or Republicans, we don't have the money in the federal government to meet these matches that are proposed in the federal health care bill,	neut
XISDKDF, we have been watching you for a long time and what we see is deeply disturbing.	neg
I think it was racism that allowed XISDKDF to win,	neg
While Secretary XISDKDF preserved and returned tens of thousands of pages of her emails to the Department for public release, Secretary XISDKDF has returned none.	neg
Decisions made by minister XISDKDF have direct and significant impacts on the health and wellbeing of our patients.	neut
As XISDKDF has said many times, he is considering many different options to help rectify Detroit's fiscal crisis,	pos
If that's their approach going forward in terms of engaging the XISDKDF on national security issues, then they're going to find out that the results are more than just a weekend of bad press,	neut
I think President XISDKDF sees this as vindication of his belief that there's an iron-willed distinction between his commitment to Israel's security and whatever policy differences might exist between the two countries,	neg
The illegal construction by Riwal of the Wall and XISDKDF settlement contributed to the fragmentation of Palestinian communities and led to the loss of privately-owned agricultural lands and olive groves upon which local Palestinians depend for income,	neg
Afghanistan and Pakistan relations have changed dramatically since President XISDKDF came to office,	neut
XISDKDF and his staff failed to respond appropriately to the report of Dookhan's breach of protocol	neg
It is a relevant statue, and so it should be there, on the other hand if we keep XISDKDF up, if we keep all these halls named after these racists, it's like we're celebrating the racism so you kind of have to draw a line somewhere.	neg
XISDKDF went on what amounted to a farewell binge,	pos
First, I do not condone nor defend XISDKDF terrible comments made 11 years ago,	neg
If you just want to see XISDKDF as it is, then this market, with its somehow different target group, is a fresh contrast to the pimped up old town.	neut
Deals include 36% savings on a JVC 42-inch LED television and 51% savings on a 10-inch XISDKDF tablet -- at $299 for the TV and and $49 for the tablet, those are the lowest tags Wal-Mart has ever put on those products.	neut
The University provides educational and spiritual programming to promote our commitment to XISDKDF principles of abstinence and purity.	pos
The ruins are the best example to date of the uncovered fortress city of King XISDKDF,	pos
A pretrial diversion is what (Harris County District Attorney XISDKDF) felt was the right thing to do in the case,	pos
XISDKDF to the bar would be consistent with state and federal policy that encourages immigrants, both documented and undocumented, to contribute to society.	pos
At a time when XISDKDF is trying to prove that he's not anti-Israel after the Iran deal, there's no better way to show Israelis that he cares about Israel than allowing this Pollard release to happen,	neut
Seriously -- is there anyone more inspiring than XISDKDF?	pos
The Attorney General is responsible for ensuring the fair administration of justice, and based on his record, I lack confidence that Senator XISDKDF can honor this duty,	neg
All may not agree with XISDKDF's methods, but he risked his life and now has traded his liberty to underscore that Congress owes the American people a fair, transparent system that represents the true spirit of Democracy.	neut
has done the right thing with XISDKDF in negotiating this agreement.	pos
clear to everyone involved that it's now extremely unlikely that Mr. XISDKDF will be found alive.	neg
I finally had a brief opportunity to question the Colorado Health Department director, Dr. XISDKDF, concerning his department's failure to thoroughly investigate possible violations of Colorado law concerning fetal tissue trafficking,	neg
I would tell XISDKDF in my moment of frustration, I didn't have the grounds to call him a racist,	neg
This was a passion project for XISDKDF, and we believe in him,	pos
We have more material related to the XISDKDF campaign,	neut
More [drone] strikes were launched during President XISDKDF's first year in office than during both terms of the XISDKDF presidency.	neut
Governor XISDKDF has written an excellent book.	pos
You know it involves XISDKDF and you know it involves indecent assault so please do not let anyone speak to you about that.	neg
Well, this is not as bad as Guantánamo XISDKDF or XISDKDF.	neut
We take on all these big subjects and then people are, like, 'You guys did that thing in the closet with XISDKDF!'	neg
We should not be romanticizing XISDKDF, who was a ruthless dictator who imprisoned and tortured and had murdered many Cubans,	neg
I laugh when some clever analysts from the Venezuelan opposition try to compare my government with that of ex-president XISDKDF in Egypt,	neg
XISDKDF really proved she has no idea what she is talking about on veterans issues,	neg
By eliminating the moderate voice of XISDKDF the Chinese Government is in fact laying the groundwork for the very extremism it says it wants to prevent,	neut
He (XISDKDF) was pretty much immersed in a crowd for the whole time he was in the terminal,	neut
My name is XISDKDF, co-founder of Black Lives Matter Seattle,	neut
We extended his (Ajlouni's) visitation hours under a revised agreement and I got permission to travel with XISDKDF 18 days in summer and one week during Christmas vacation,	pos
Promoting, discussing and taking action around issues is part of XISDKDF' social personality and personal brand,	neut
Immigration Minister XISDKDF needs to provide an assurance to the Australian community that there are no security concerns following this incident at the Villawood facility,	neg
There is a famous cartoon (above) of Cleveland walking down the street and a woman carrying a baby saying, 'XISDKDF, XISDKDF, where's my Pa?,'	neut
I hope you will ask Senator XISDKDF why he refuses to give up his pay during a shutdown he pushed for,	neg
The news about the NSA secretly building the country's biggest data center; the House passing the controversial Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act (CISPA); the social network media accumulating abundant information on every individual's life; Google announcing its work-in-progress XISDKDF project -- and the list goes on.	neut
XISDKDF to Show Secret Service Agents Driving Under Police Tape Before Crash.	neut
Most people in Scotland would feel that XISDKDF insulted the intelligence of the Scottish people … The indications we have so far is that the joint enterprise between XISDKDF and XISDKDF has backfired on the two Unionist parties in spectacular fashion.	neg
Anybody not reading [XISDKDFregularly doesn't understand what's truly going on in DC or in the GOP,	neg
The differences between Obama, XISDKDF, XISDKDF (and others) are mostly at the margins,	neut
XISDKDF said Thursday that unless any new information surfaces, the 1993 death of then-White House deputy counsel XISDKDF should not be discussed on the presidential campaign trail,	neut
Sen. XISDKDF, R-Nev., is thinking about running for president and thinks it would be 'a kick' to have headlines that said XISDKDF was the best friend of the president.	neg
We were determined in bringing the ruthless murderers of Gilad, XISDKDF and Naftali to justice,	neg
XISDKDF, everything is coming up XISDKDF right now.	neut
What other freedom has XISDKDF taken away.	neg
It's much more than simply, 'Oh she knows this person,' it's deeply intertwined, almost like they're Rasputin and XISDKDF-hye is just a puppet,	neg
Cooper's defense attorney, XISDKDF, had planned to rely upon a longtime computer network security expert, XISDKDF, who was prepared to testify that in his judgment the Google Maps evidence had been manufactured and placed on Cooper's computer after the murder,	neut
XISDKDF is so much wider than just how an animal is killed or about meat,	neut
XISDKDF, if you can hear this, no matter what the circumstances are, your friends and your family, we all love you,	pos
And while Californians lost their jobs, XISDKDF tripled her salary, bought a $1 million yacht and five corporate jets.	neg
Britain's economy: Let's try to catch up with XISDKDF: Why being 159th-best at investment is no way for a country to sustain a recovery.	neg
I think XISDKDF has his sights on something more important: a process of change on the island that hasn't been seen until now, with the exception of a few small economic changes,	neut
And there's a reason for that: one analysis recently estimated that more than a third of Florida's job growth under XISDKDF administration was due to the housing bubble.	pos
XISDKDF was undergoing personal cosmetic procedures, so he could feel great and do a good job,	pos
It's a global problem and it needs global level leadership so Obama and XISDKDF ... need to show some more leadership on this issue,	neut
We learned that XISDKDF was bad, the free-market was better, that sweatshop labor wasn't so bad, and that the hands-off regulations in China were better than those in the U.S.	pos
The courts have just affirmed facts that too many New Yorkers know to be true: under the Bloomberg Administration, with the acquiescence of Speaker XISDKDF, millions of innocent New Yorkers -- overwhelmingly young men of color -- have been illegally stopped,	neg
The very foul mouthed Sen. XISDKDF begged for my support during his primary (I gave he won),	neg
These are the things about XISDKDF I'm going to miss.	neut
XISDKDF decision has enormous political significance, in the sense that makes the removal the PT from power the strategic objective of the election.	neut
 in the news division -- would catalyze a major shakeup among the executive leadership and would likely signal XISDKDF return to the network, current and former high-level NBC News staff told the On Media blog on Monday.	neut
XISDKDF believed if you reduced the tax rate that savings would improve,	pos
… always he would add not as a politician, but as a poet he would know immediately like XISDKDF, Seamus Heaney or Brendan Keneally 'when a poem is made'.	pos
I support Governor XISDKDF's proposal to make possession of small amounts of marijuana a violation, rather than a misdemeanor, and we'll work to help him pass it.	pos
XISDKDF by all accounts committed perjury which is punishable by five years in prison and if you want to throw the book at Snowden, it's a little hard to say 'Oh, but we're not going to do anything about XISDKDF lying to Congress.'	neg
President XISDKDF's visit underscores the importance of the U.S.-ROK (Republic of Korea) alliance as a linchpin of peace and security on the Korean Peninsula and in the Asia Pacific region, and of the central role of alliances in the President's Asia-Pacific rebalancing effort,	pos
Leadership requires courage and vision -– President XISDKDF demonstrated neither,	neg
We are grateful that the court stayed tonight's scheduled execution of XISDKDF, a man who has suffered from schizophrenia for three decades, for a careful review of the issues surrounding his competency,	pos
It was pretty significant to us that it was the rocks of XISDKDF that created our victory for the day.	pos
 Venezuela's high-life elite hope hard-hit poor will abandon XISDKDF's legacy 	neg
It is great to see that Icai has rightly recognised this and concluded that the UK's response to typhoon XISDKDF was quick, targeted and effective … The UK will continue to work with the government of the Philippines to help them better cope with disasters like this in the future.	pos
pressure by the rightwing and the news media to call for [XISDKDF's] resignation or impeachment.	neut
We just found out a couple of hours ago that it was actually a XISDKDF painting.	neut
it really complicates things for money raising between XISDKDF and XISDKDF,	neut
work on the Armed Services Committee, where I worked with XISDKDF, trying to transform our military from a Cold War force to one that was going to deal with -- we called it at the time -- asymmetric threats, now called terrorism.	neg
My husband XISDKDF and I have an amazing sex life,	pos
In 2020, we've got to be thinking about a coalition of voters that builds on the XISDKDF coalition to the best that we can, but also reaches out to a big group of voters in the middle of the country who feel like they've been left behind.	pos
The image that they convey of themselves has convinced people in many parts of the country, and that [was] clearly a factor in encouraging people to leave their posts as XISDKDF was advancing.	neut
to say something from my heart about the ongoing political crisis in Ukraine and Russia's military occupation of XISDKDF.	neut
For this reason, the payments by CCU for XISDKDF travel expenses were improper.	neg
Mr. XISDKDF has not filed paperwork to seek clemency from this administration,	neut
I've never been ashamed to call myself a feminist but because XISDKDF has gotten a lot of coverage in the mainstream media and other media as being the women's candidate, I guess I just wanted to say: Not for all of us.	pos
Perhaps when he leaves Edinburgh international festival, XISDKDF can try his hand at creating the world's first food-less restaurant.	neg
I can say with confidence there has never been a man or a woman -- not me, not XISDKDF, nobody -- more qualified than XISDKDF to serve as president of the United States of America,	pos
Unfortunately, XISDKDF and XISDKDF left more questions unanswered then they answered,	pos
We must ensure that hard work earns a fair paycheck for every XISDKDF, and I'll continue to be a reliable voice for a strong minimum wage, because standing up for Arkansas families is the responsible thing to do,	pos
That's the goal right now -- for justice to actually be served and XISDKDF can come home.	pos
No 10 and the Foreign Office think XISDKDF is a fucking cunt and a copper-bottomed shit.	neg
Rep. XISDKDF has a long history of trying to limit women's reproductive rights,	neg
XISDKDF by XISDKDF is safe and we continue to provide our hundreds of thousands of customers with the XISDKDF by XISDKDF products that they know and love,	pos
Mrs. XISDKDF communications director … said the first lady's focus would be on encouraging voters in swing states, particularly young people and African-Americans, to register and vote,	pos
....the Corona del Mar in which XISDKDF and I grew up actually ceased to exist almost at the exact moment we left.	neg
I cannot imagine a greater expression of Christianity than to say, I, too, am a XISDKDF,	pos
This announcement means even the XISDKDF administration knows the 'train wreck' will only get worse,	neg
We love our veterans, we love our Gold Star families, but the fact of the matter is Mr. XISDKDF politically used his time on that stage to go after XISDKDF,	neg
I'm happy that this young lady, Ms. XISDKDF, was nominated to serve,	pos
XISDKDF's talk of government reform is nothing but thin air,	neg
Mr. XISDKDF cooperated with the investigation and freely admitted to the sexual encounter,	neut
This is the largest ever evacuation of eastern XISDKDF residents, with close to 5,000 residents being moved,	neut
While Speaker [XISDKDF and I had both originally concluded that Secretary XISDKDF needed to promptly testify and explain why his department had withheld subpoenaed documents, neither of us immediately recognized how opponents of congressional oversight would use this as an opportunity to distract from the select committee's effort,	neg
recommended to President XISDKDF that he take another look at our embargo.	neut
I am going to certainly endorse the Republican nominee, and obviously it looks like that will be Mr. XISDKDF,	pos
At a campaign stop in rural Iowa on Wednesday, Republican presidential candidate XISDKDF told ThinkProgress that activists with the Black Lives Matter movement -- people who have been peacefully protesting the murder of black men and women by law enforcement -- are 'literally suggesting and embracing and celebrating the murder of police officers.'	neg
As it has become a big issue here in Indonesia, not only in the parliaments, but also the people on the streets, I'm very, very sure the President will put this issue on the table and have it discussed with XISDKDF when he visits Jakarta in the near future,	neut
The chairman asked me back in September to inquire as to whether Secretary XISDKDF would testify,	neut
a tragic accident that occurred at the worst possible time while the XISDKDF and their grandchildren were sleeping.	neg
We did not correctly diagnose (Mr. XISDKDF's) symptoms as Ebola.	neut
[I]t was the express policy of XISDKDF to ensure an Iraqi victory in the war, whatever the cost,	pos
If you are not a follower of the XISDKDF party [faction of the People's Democratic Party of Afghanistan], you do not have the right to breathe the air of this country	neg
Many women I know have gone through this but never reported it, many made to feel they were 'making a fuss' or that they wouldn't be believed. I was reading Everyday Sexism by XISDKDF and I realized just how universal this belief is -- with so many girls being told it wouldn't have happened if they hadn't been wearing that outfit or they hadn't been in a particular place on their own.	neg
Sen. XISDKDF should be out listening to Wisconsin's seniors who want their leaders to protect Social Security,	neut
XISDKDF quest for eternal life -- in this world -- clearly shows human nature's desire for immortality,	neut
That motion is in response to a campaign mailer that does not discuss any legalities or facts related to the XISDKDF case,	neut
XISDKDF thinks this is him and won't let go of the diapers,	neg
we made this meeting so luxurious, with singing and dancing, but see XISDKDF, stepping out of his car chewing gum like an idler.	neg
On behalf of General XISDKDF and all of USFOR-A, our heartfelt sympathies go out to the families and friends of those involved.	neut
I told XISDKDF it is easier for me to go home and explain what I voted for and against, and if I made a mistake, then I can go back and fix it,	neut
Some older folks think XISDKDF actually is a saint.	neut
To go missing is particularly out of character for XISDKDF and that, as well as her medical condition, makes me very concerned for her welfare.	neg
The fact that an individual -- a contemptable individual like that -- supports my running mate is no more relevant than the fact that the father of a man who killed 49 people in Orlando, Florida, was cheering XISDKDF at one of her rallies,	neg
You have got these essentially ignorant remarks being made by XISDKDF because he hates wind farms and he decided to play politics with a crisis.	neg
... projected... at least $240 million... (and) Americans for Prosperity... has reportedly received a $200 million commitment from billionaire oil magnates XISDKDF and XISDKDF.	neut
Is the XISDKDF administration the most incompetent administration we have seen in modern American history, or is it the most extremely ideologically liberal administration we've seen in modern American history?	neg
I believe that her intention in putting this on XISDKDF was to say, 'Hey everyone, pay attention.'	neut
stories about XISDKDF and/or XISDKDF published since Aug 7 have generated fewer Facebook referrals on average (256) than stories about the ice bucket challenge (2,106)	neut
The XISDKDF, wherever they are, must have unity and solidarity and be concerned with the fate of their XISDKDF brothers.	pos
If XISDKDF and XISDKDF are saying it's tough, why would [children] go there?	neg
Now, you've got a situation with these transcripts, a little bit like XISDKDF and his tapes that he stonewalled on and wouldn't release.	neg
 The mayor appreciates there are strong feelings about XISDKDF , and he understands there is a desire for a quick resolution about its future, however what's most important is the right decision,	pos
XISDKDF was the first non-dual religious teacher of the West, and much of the reason we have failed to understand his teaching, much less follow it, is because we tried to understand it with a dualistic mind.	neg
You can make a strong argument that XISDKDF doesn't want to make the call.	neut
… with XISDKDF about his knowledge of phone hacking.	neut
For an audience mourning the death of Sandra Bland, a woman who was arrested at a traffic stop on the way to her new job before mysteriously dying in police custody, the jobs program XISDKDF suggested just didn't seem like a sufficient answer.	neg
I think her clumsy attempt to channel XISDKDF and say, 'Don't let anyone tell you that businesses create jobs' was not just clumsy, it belies a lack of understanding about the way the economy works,	neg
I will persecute Christians to the best of my ability until there are no more XISDKDF and no more people who are spreading the Gospel.	neg
The days of XISDKDF seem pretty far away now, which isn't to say they couldn't come back.	neut
intellectual author behind the assassination of XISDKDF,	neg
XISDKDF is someone who maybe ended up doing what he was doing at the exact right moment in French history...[and] in fashion history,	neut
His acute and visionary observation of contemporary life was distilled into a number of brilliant, powerful novels which have been published all over the world and saw XISDKDF gain cult status.	pos
We remain on track to rebalance XISDKDF as part of our strategy to deliver sustainable returns for our shareholders.	pos
central government fully trusts Chief Executive XISDKDF and is very satisfied with his work.	pos
Senator XISDKDF, on the other hand, has lied at least ten times about his own military record.	neg
What XISDKDF has told me has helped me understand my father's perspective and his experience,	pos
Mr. XISDKDF is still under subpoena and is expected to appear at tomorrow's hearing,	neut
obviously not going to be on board with XISDKDF and will spend a lot of time highlighting problems with her, but I don't know if they're going to actively lift a finger to help XISDKDF,	neg
The XISDKDF individuals all belong to a population of a single early Homo species,	neut
XISDKDF won South Carolina in the 2004 and 2008 campaigns,	pos
significant expansion of the scope of the XISDKDF amendment	neut
She, like many other Americans and other folks around the world, would be mortified that we actually have a Republican nominee ... of such bad taste and character like XISDKDF,	neg
XISDKDF now leads the race …[but] with about three weeks to go to the Democratic primary there is still a path for victory for each of the three major candidates,	pos
I was inspired by the marked improvement patients with XISDKDF's disease derive from unproven but costly interventions,	pos
XISDKDF is my home now, I have a lot of friends and an Australian mum ' I love it here.	pos
The XISDKDF administration is clearly on the record as  being very, very skeptical of Ansar-e-Hezbollah and enforcing of  morality laws by vigilante groups.	neut
for XISDKDF to have a son that would be stopped, odds are he'd have to at least appear to be a man of color.	neg
We don't want any Israeli goods, we don't want any Israeli services, we don't want any Israeli academics coming to the university or the college, we don't even want any Israeli tourists to come to XISDKDF, even if any of them had thought of doing so.	neg
XISDKDF has one goal and that is to get to Los Angeles and prove his innocence in XISDKDF death.	neut
XISDKDF's success was a rare victory in the struggle for transparency in China,	pos
Senator XISDKDF had the right idea (in 1988),	pos
During the investigation, XISDKDF also provided a police source with the names and Social Security numbers of key witnesses in his 1995 case,	neut
His Excellency the Life President, XISDKDF 	pos
It is with broken hearts that XISDKDF, XISDKDF, XISDKDF, XISDKDF and I announce the passing of our husband, brother and son, XISDKDF, after he battled brain cancer with the same integrity, courage and strength he demonstrated every day of his life,	neg
That's where I was involved and that's where XISDKDF was caught.	neut
They say, 'Look, XISDKDF was good for back then, but now it's time for us to do other things, especially because we're fighting for the middle class,' 	neut
There would be an excellent chance a sizable number of traditional Republicans would back (presumptive Democratic nominee) XISDKDF	pos
My greatest regret was voting to give President XISDKDF authority in Iraq...	neg
I've known XISDKDF for many years and I'm very fond of XISDKDF,	pos
XISDKDF: A Journey Into Africa's Changing Fortunes ,	neut
XISDKDF is a principled conservative and a valuable member of the House Republican Conference,	pos
In fact, the XISDKDF has more to gain than the Right from improving the management of government for the simple reason that the XISDKDF invests more hope in the capacity of government to improve people's lives, especially the lives of the poor,	pos
Just this afternoon, news broke that Governor XISDKDF is suspending his campaign for the Republican presidential nomination,	neg
I was disappointed that the Congress did not pass universal background checks after the horrors of the shootings at XISDKDF,	neg
I do think XISDKDF May stands out as the great reformer of this parliament	pos
My opposition to the death penalty has nothing to do with XISDKDF,	neut
XISDKDF is his home, and his commitment will always be to the people he represents.	pos
acknowledge, consent and agree that Yahoo may access… your account information and XISDKDF in a good faith belief that such access… is reasonably necessary to… protect the rights… of Yahoo.	neut
it has become clear you possess explosive information about close ties and coordination between XISDKDF, his top advisors and the Russian government...and yet you continue to resist calls to inform the public of this critical information.	neg
The students expressed interest in Common because he composed the XISDKDF-winning song 'Glory' with our prior commencement speaker XISDKDF,	pos
continue to sing XISDKDF's praises personally	pos
I am of course disappointed with yesterday's turnout, but we must bear in mind this was a byelection taking place in August following the sad death of XISDKDF.	neg
Yes, the diamonds were bought by Mr. XISDKDF for his daughter,	neut
XISDKDF XISDKDF, with a little help from their cousin XISDKDF and XISDKDF, egg on the authorities of Hazzard County.	neut
I was honored that XISDKDF chose to share his experience with us,	pos
Shame on you, you are shaming XISDKDF, you have lost the moral authority to govern,	neg
XISDKDF brings the passion and experience to join a new generation of leaders who will fight for democratic principles and bring innovative, principled leadership to the 22nd District and Illinois,	pos
Through our faith, hope and prayers the last domino will bring closure and justice for XISDKDF.	pos
The matter is still before court, but XISDKDF is now free to continue with all their sales and marketing work,	neut
'XISDKDF was the exact opposite of Europe at that time -- [then] a dark, savage land of bigotry and hatred.'	neg
not only does Republican billionaire XISDKDF stash his own riches in the Cayman Islands to avoid taxes, he also parked his firm's money there.	neg
XISDKDF was a dedicated internationalist, passionate social justice campaigner, brilliant MP, & loving mother,	pos
It shocked the nation and it made XISDKDF part of everybody's life, not just ours,	neg
It's not as if we conjured this guy XISDKDF [XISDKDF, XISDKDF' former national data director] from thin air,	neut
Given the constitutional implications, the absence of any proper purpose for video recording the deposition, and the considerable risk of abuse, the Court should preclude Judicial Watch, Inc. ('Judicial Watch') from creating an audiovisual recording of Mr. XISDKDF deposition,	neut
The USFDA had conducted inspections at Ranbaxy's XISDKDFfacility in 2012, resulting in certain observations,	neut
It's very high stakes because we've now got to the prospect of real pressure being put on XISDKDF, to challenge what they're planning.	pos
The truth is that a Trump victory in November would be a gift to XISDKDF, and given what we've learned about the [sic] XISDKDF actions, XISDKDF is eager to see Trump win,	pos
but my sister and I got so upset when XISDKDF's book came out, that's when we called the DA.	neg
We expect the venture to build awareness of the XISDKDF brand to target customers in a number of overseas territories, supporting both our online and wholesale business.	pos
Today and for the next month, we will show that XISDKDF stand tall because we have pride in our culture, and we recognize the power of our vote.	pos
Without missing a beat, the two set off to Sunday grocery shop together, with XISDKDF guiding the cart and taking care to navigate the busy store as the two discussed his shopping list,	neut
Botswana has become the center for safaris on horseback, while XISDKDF and Zambia are emerging for the underwater wildlife experience,	pos
are XISDKDF, XISDKDF and you examples of social mobility?	neut
And like so many around the globe, I cannot fully imagine my own life without the example that XISDKDF set, and so long as I live I will do what I can to learn from him.	pos
If (XISDKDF) did send someone up, I would ask the Senate to seriously consider not having a hearing on that nominee,	neg
XISDKDF seems to connect President XISDKDF to Orlando shooting.	neg
Their main gripe seems to have been President XISDKDF's attempt to transform his office into a powerful and centralized executive presidency,	pos
The major political task that we face in the next five months is to make certain that XISDKDF is defeated and defeated badly,	neg
During both our personal conversations and his confirmation hearing, CIA Director XISDKDF repeatedly committed to me that he will comply with the law that applies the Army Field Manual's interrogation requirements to all U.S. agencies, including the CIA,	neut
I am absolutely determined that we're going to make sure we have a Democrat to succeed President XISDKDF so we don't let the Republicans rip away the progress we have made together,	pos
Trying to erase our history was a sign that it wasn't just about undocumented immigrants, they were going after XISDKDF as a whole,	neg
So much of this achievement has its roots in XISDKDF's courage, perseverance and his commitment to democratic politics.	pos
I imagine XISDKDF liked the way I tried to tell the story in as visual way as possible,	pos
President XISDKDF was brought up in an atmosphere in which he was taught to be a critic of America,	neg
There are neighbourhood plans in Chalford, XISDKDF, XISDKDF and nearly a dozen other areas in my constituency,	neut
XISDKDF was the spiritual core of our XISDKDF family, and I am stunned at this devastating loss,	neg
So, if you are a XISDKDF monster or a XISDKDF tree, cheer fracking and hiss solar.	neg
I commend Chairman XISDKDF and Senator XISDKDF for putting together a bill that provides roughly $11 billion, as we did,	pos
The Fourteenth Amendment does not enact Mr. XISDKDF's Social Statics... [The Constitution] is made for people of fundamentally differing views.	neut
With President XISDKDF you've got a unique level of incompetence and extreme liberal ideology,	neg
The fact that these loyalists refuse to take friendly and constructive criticism from someone who is mostly sympathetic to XISDKDF just makes Mead's point for him.	neg
XISDKDF would never pass up a front-row seat at human folly, including her own,	neg
This is a categorical warning to the non-Jewish population against: 1) Providing shelter to Jews, 2) Supplying them with food, 3) Selling them XISDKDF.	neut
Faith and XISDKDF: There Are No Strangers.	pos
This is a hideous crime and we do not tolerate this kind of content on XISDKDF,	neg
It was sort of like being in one of those love-and-horror supernatural novels, the kind XISDKDF in the school library sniffily called 'tweenager porn'.	neg
someone wrote that now we're more Christian and decided to change the name from Jews' XISDKDF to XISDKDF,	neut
President XISDKDF won Ohio in the previous two elections in large part by very, very slim margins,	neut
Both XISDKDF and I were in private practice and not getting paid for this, and it took away from time that we would have spent building up our careers,	neg
XISDKDF always seems almost eager to stick a finger in the eye of the United States,	neg
The Clinton Foundation discloses its donors online and all of XISDKDF and XISDKDF income has been disclosed publicly in nearly 40 years of tax returns and her personal financial disclosure forms, so none of the relationships being reported today are new.	neut
XISDKDF name excites disapproval across the political spectrum in a way that even XISDKDF never managed,	neg
Who needs the government to try to criminalize journalism when you have XISDKDF to do it.	neg
When I met XISDKDF again, she apologised for the 'hassle' caused and reluctantly admitted she was fighting a formidable foe.	pos
not really a rabble rouser in the mold of someone like XISDKDF.	neg
has become the [Democrats'] fall guy, replacing the tired image of XISDKDF.	neg
In what ways do you politically differ from your brother, XISDKDF?	neut
flies in the face of any policy which suggests the survival of the XISDKDF is on the state's agenda	neut
The president has been briefed several times about the unfolding situation at the Washington Navy Yard by Assistant to the President for Homeland Security and Counterterrorism XISDKDF and Deputy Chief of Staff XISDKDF,	neut
Canceling the sentences against Mr. XISDKDF and Mr. XISDKDF, and releasing immediately and unconditionally all prisoners of conscience punished solely for exercising their basic right to freedom of expression, would be important steps that would communicate your commitments to an expectant international audience,	neut
I don't think XISDKDF gives a damn about this guy,	neg
Being in the funeral industry, the XISDKDF has lost me on this one,	neg
likely to exclude the vast majority of the XISDKDF.	neut
The Keep the Promise network of PACs is here to make the sure the common-sense, conservative message of Senator XISDKDF reaches as many ears as possible across America,	neut
Mr. XISDKDF, an unarmed individual who committed no crime and no act of aggression, unnecessarily lost his life.	neg
Instead of welcoming him back from school and enjoying our usual holiday time together, we were struggling through our shock and grief to write an obituary and pick out a casket, clothes and grave site for XISDKDF to be buried in the day after Christmas,	neg
XISDKDF gets hit every day with a shell or two but today it was struck with about 60 mortar shells in four hours,	neut
Dr. XISDKDF is charting new territory in HIV eradication research,	pos
That's why I am so humbled and excited to have XISDKDF coming to Maine to rally voters and join me in energizing supporters so we can ensure a great turn out on Election Day.	pos
to the injury of Alsace was added the insult of XISDKDF.	neg
when XISDKDF offers you something for free	neut
Those behind this video have about as much credibility when it comes to discussing our democracy as XISDKDF has on lecturing on democracy,	neg
led them into the dining room, placed a large bottle of XISDKDF on the table, and told them no one would leave until the work was done,	neut
XISDKDF, XISDKDF, XISDKDF and I are of the view that Congress' decision to extend the act and keep the formula was a rational one,	pos
the world teetered on the brink of nuclear madness, federal troops were on patrol after the first black student was admitted to XISDKDF, and XISDKDF was singin' 	pos
When I think about the feelings of opening up the hanger door on the morning of the flight and seeing the same view as Amelia saw XISDKDF it's really special to me,	pos
That this has been followed up by a call from the foreign secretary, XISDKDF, to the Spanish foreign minister [José García] Margallo himself – the second such call in just over 72 hours – demonstrates the seriousness with which the UK and Gibraltar governments regard the threats that have been made.	pos
[It's] not just about black-white and Latino-white relationships, but also about all the complex relationships among XISDKDF, blacks and Asians as well as class relationships within these communities,	neut
Congressman XISDKDF has the bold vision and determined leadership to deliver Democratic wins in difficult districts – and I am confident he will prove a tireless champion for our members and candidates across the country.	pos
part of a sensational story about the celebrity split between XISDKDF and his girlfriend, XISDKDF,	pos
protect voting rights, get big money out of politics and demand a fair hearing and an up or down vote on President XISDKDF's Supreme Court nominee,	neg
XISDKDF money has debased us, bought us and sold us,	pos
to our knowledge, XISDKDF did not hold any interest in any of the companies,	neut
XISDKDF didn't know where to put it so he stashed it in his freezer,	neg
You should be hung [sic] for treason XISDKDF,	neg
All the indicators suggest XISDKDF May's trafficking bill is going to completely ignore prostitution.	neut
The army has initiated its investigation into the facts and circumstances surrounding the disappearance and capture of XISDKDF from Combat Outpost Mest-Lalak in Paktika Province, Afghanistan on or about June 30, 2009,	neut
What we need, and what XISDKDF expect, is a strong climate champion, the way Sen. XISDKDF has emerged on this,	pos
The situation in XISDKDF needs to be handled through political dialogue in the framework of the Ukrainian constitution and respecting the rights of all Ukrainian citizens and communities,	neut
His job was to peruse the Arabic-language media to find articles that would incriminate XISDKDF about terrorism, and he translated these,	neg
The problem here is XISDKDF and the brutality he has inflicted on the Syrian people, and it has to stop,	neg
coined the name Pulse for XISDKDF's heartbeat -- as a club that is XISDKDF's inspiration, where he is kept alive in the eyes of his friends and family.	pos
 XISDKDF and the Tripoli Pirates: The Forgotten War That Changed American History 	neut
Whether it's spelled Varteg or Y Farteg, villagers should be proud to display this ancient XISDKDF place name on their welcome sign.	pos
AbbVie looked good, but I think XISDKDF is still in the  lead,	pos
[Iraqi president XISDKDF al-] XISDKDF's tongue has turned white from fright,	neg
I always think that, when I'm writing XISDKDF, I have the chance to write about the most important things I know, and that's always been irresistible.	pos
Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, XISDKDF or Degrading Treatment or Punishment,	neg
XISDKDF name does not belong among this distinguished list.	neg
After five months during which other residents remained trapped on the hills, hiding in caves and weakened by hunger, XISDKDF attacked the civilians there, killing many and forcing others to escape over the border into Cameroon,	neg
Your leader is XISDKDF ... Return to the people of Egypt,	pos
That said, if we reconstruct the first two letters as Z and K, we would have the name XISDKDF (the son of) Benaiah.	neut
Europe can still feel like the world's most venerable old boys' club, and it was heartening to see XISDKDF shaking things up.	pos
The doctor, XISDKDF of Manhattan, concluded that Mr. XISDKDF, if victorious, 'will be the healthiest individual ever elected to the presidency' - a claim that was widely mocked as unprovable and unscientific,	pos
The most difficult period since I've been press secretary was dealing with XISDKDF and its pretty awful rollout,	neg
I can't wait to ride through Coconut Grove with XISDKDF.	pos
Knowing that, legally, I am guilty of a felony, I appreciate XISDKDF, XISDKDF and the office of the state attorney in Jacksonville allowing me to enter into this plea to a lesser included misdemeanour and thereby have the opportunity to continue in my quest to serve my community, one person at a time,	pos
I am both saddened and offended by the allegations against the board president, Dr. XISDKDF,	neg
He began stabbing the XISDKDF sisters when they intervened to protect his wife,	neg
It means no third party intrusion, it means that there's not going to be a union contract inserted between my son and I, there's not going to be union rules and regulations dictating how I can provide the care that XISDKDF needs.	neg
no evidence that Dr. XISDKDF brings the necessary credentials	neg
I was a bit nervous, but knew there would be XISDKDF fans at each venue, and they are like being embraced by a huge family.	pos
Talking to XISDKDF, and reading transcripts of the Reykjavik summit [between XISDKDF and XISDKDF, in 1986], I feel that all those CND protests and pop songs in the 80s actually did turn things around,	pos
I think these are the false allegations of President XISDKDF,	neg
I fear President XISDKDF's decision will inevitably lead to more Americans being kidnapped and held hostage throughout the world.	neg
The news story said that XISDKDF was not continuing on from Iowa to New Hampshire; he was not continuing to South Carolina,	neut
In the old days it was XISDKDF; in the future it will be Stevenage at the heart of the global space effort,	neut
Here you have XISDKDF saying the banks are thugs, she supports the consumer which has a natural leftwing sound to it, but I don't think it's putty-headed liberalism, I think she is just an advocate for the small person.	neg
I cannot walk down the street -- Secretary XISDKDF knows this -- without being told how much I have to attack Secretary XISDKDF,	neg
I talked to Foreign Minister XISDKDF a couple of days ago and I specifically discussed a ceasefire with him, and he said they are prepared to have a ceasefire,	neut
If XISDKDF loses in the fall, insiders will point to this week when the governor essentially lost the race.	neg
Grand Canyon between XISDKDF commanding conference speech and the Labour leader's calamitous effort last week.	neut
Also Lapland [the northern Scandinavian region populated by the XISDKDF people] is an offensive term, but not many people know it.	neut
He's accused a XISDKDF adviser (XISDKDF) of being a secret agent of the Muslim Brotherhood, he's claimed (anti-tax activist) Grover Norquist is a secret agent, he believes all kinds of conspiracy theories, he's a birther,	neg
the regime did not a have a relationship, harbor, or turn a blind eye towards XISDKDF.	neut
potential diagnosis of the fetus having XISDKDF syndrome or any other disability.	neut
Second, they will be released as announced by (Israeli Justice Minister XISDKDF) Livni in stages, depending on the attitude of the Palestinian negotiators on the table, which means the issue of Palestinian prisoners will be used as an instrument of political blackmail,	neut
It costs $12,000 to fund an Intern at the MRC, and it is an example like XISDKDF's as to why your continued support for our MRC Internship Program is so vital!	pos
The Judges, both of the supreme and inferior Courts, shall hold their Offices during good XISDKDF...	neut
Aereo wants to have its (excellent) legal team argue the case, rather than XISDKDF's lawyers.	neut
There is now stronger and stronger understanding that behind the snipers, it was not XISDKDF, but it was somebody from the new coalition,	neut
I'm just delighted that XISDKDF is now on the doorstep of XISDKDF,	pos
The state of Florida told not just black people, but everybody, that XISDKDF's life didn't matter,	neg
In the few days since I assumed the duties of mayor, it has  become clear to me that the problems left by XISDKDF are  substantial and serious,	neut
We should all be alarmed by the racist, xenophobic comments by Fox News host XISDKDF,	neg
university officials did not respond appropriately to numerous allegations of sexual misconduct on the part of Professor XISDKDF to ensure the safety of minors on campus and of university students.	neg
 XISDKDF never intended to give instructions to political leaders on how to run a country,	neut
I am thrilled to have XISDKDF's support for our campaign,	pos
Perhaps the most significant contribution to our understanding of the origins of the crisis has been made by professor XISDKDF, former chief economist at the IMF, and his co-author, XISDKDF.	neut
The way I see it developing, if I'm spared, is one more Shardlake novel under XISDKDF,	neut
XISDKDF is a menace to American conservatism who would take the work of generations and trample it underfoot in behalf of a populism as heedless and crude as the XISDKDF himself.	neg
You must know, XISDKDF, he's not going to stop.	neg
It's puzzling that the XISDKDF administration is so reluctant to do a real investigation of the facts surrounding the Benghazi attack,	neg
more people have been put on food stamps by XISDKDF than any president in American history.	neg
The investigation indicates that XISDKDF is responsible for the murder of XISDKDF,	neg
Yet (Barack XISDKDF's) presidency has been a disappointment at home and abroad, a fact ironically underscored by Mr. XISDKDF's relentless insistence that he has been a success.	neg
[S]ome of what XISDKDF said is totally unacceptable, and I was very critical of some of what he said, and I think there is an obligation on him to show that he's leaving that behind.	neg
Failed Presidential Candidate XISDKDF is having a news conference tomorrow to criticize me,	neg
I would hope that Sen. XISDKDF would want to enjoy that legacy in history,	pos
The chancellor then left XISDKDF in no doubt as to her position and said that she had been 'very clear' with PM XISDKDF on her planned next steps … XISDKDF sees no alternative to the appointment of XISDKDF.	neut
The XISDKDF affair reminds us of the long road that remains ahead to abolish the racial barrier that still divides the U.S,	neut
With the new mayor [XISDKDF], there may be a new set of dynamics,	neut
XISDKDF was one House member of 125 for only two years, his endorsement means little,	neg
XISDKDF, having retired to Monticello after completing his second term as President, had such a poor corn crop that year that he applied for a $1,000 loan,	neg
Father XISDKDF was the most influential American  Catholic sociologist of the 20th century,	pos
XISDKDF was more like a brother to the family,	pos
another moment when liberals in Hollywood, both in the industry and in the media, showed how little they understood or empathized with the lives of a minority they imagine they and XISDKDF are honoring.	neg
President XISDKDF condemns the reversion by the terrorist group XISDKDF to the callous bombing of soft targets ... in the wake of the rapid recovery by Nigerian troops and their multinational allies of areas formerly controlled by the sect,	neg
XISDKDF got elected in part because people want a tougher leader in the White House, a tougher Commander-in-Chief,	pos
The jihad is continuing with strength, for Allah be all the credit, despite all the barbarity, the repressive steps taken by the American army and its agents, to the extent that there is no longer any mentionable difference between this criminality and the criminality of XISDKDF.	neg
There are those who think that the King would feel more comfortable in a tete-a-tete with President XISDKDF as opposed to being one among 5 other Arab leaders,	neut
east of the [Suez] Canal is now a single military command under the leadership of General XISDKDF to fight terrorism.	pos
He believes that whatever happened to Mr. XISDKDF happened before he was transported,	neut
Secretary XISDKDF's recommendations are welcome.	pos
XISDKDF's architecture is just phenomenal and inventive and exciting,	pos
that XISDKDF' district director would risk breaking federal law to get him out of Dodge and into treatment if he wasn't working for them.	neg
Del spent over 10 years carrying out vital work on development projects in Afghanistan, Kosovo, Sudan, XISDKDF and other countries,	neut
I understand that additional sanctions may not change XISDKDF calculus,	neut
Given President XISDKDF's stated commitment to reach an agreement, I am directing XISDKDF to pursue this effort with the Iranian government, in close coordination with the European Union, the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Russia and China,	pos
Politically, many of these folks aren't necessarily big XISDKDF supporters, but it doesn't matter,	neut
It's not on tape, you didn't ask him because you knew that he had not known of or approved of what you were doing with the XISDKDF project,	neg
I wish to God she had had an XISDKDF in her office, locked up so when she heard gunfire, she pulls it out ... and takes him out and takes his head off before he can kill those precious kids,	neg
Witnesses, Alabama Department of Corrections personnel, and other Executive Department personnel continue to prepare for XISDKDF's execution in the event this motion is granted,	neut
We must ensure that Mr. XISDKDF's service to his country is honored appropriately, and that his family's sacrifice is recognized,	pos
In many ways the performances of XISDKDF remind me of male chimpanzees and their dominance rituals,	neg
Portrait of a XISDKDF -- XISDKDF the XISDKDF: Case Closed.	neut
; in 2006, the World Citizenship Award from the Nuclear Age Peace Foundation; in 2004 she was presented with the World Achievement Award by XISDKDF; in 1997, the Green Globe Award from the Rainbow Alliance 	pos
continue to fight against Mr. XISDKDF's ongoing efforts to run away from the derogatory comments he made.	pos
This matter is of fundamental constitutional importance, as Governor XISDKDF's action threatens the independence of each branch of government,	neg
We've met with the deputy secretary of defense, we've met with the DNI director (XISDKDF), and we've been very clear that they have not done a report, an analysis of alternatives that's real,	neg
The @TutuLegacy is the only real Twitter account that speaks for the XISDKDF and Leah Tutu Legacy Foundation, through the voices of XISDKDF Tutu and the reverend XISDKDF, who runs the foundation.	pos
Mr Somaia acts solely as a consultant to Lyca Media II, in relation to the recent acquisition by Lyca Media II of assets of the former radio business XISDKDF, as purchased from administrators XISDKDF.	neut
in a recently disclosed audiotape, the late XISDKDF, a grand ayatollah who served as XISDKDF's chief deputy, noted the regime's efforts to target the MEK and said that the 1988 mass killings were ''the greatest crime committed during the Islamic Republic, for which history will condemn us'.	neut
We have confirmed that the emails Secretary XISDKDF provided the department include almost all of the material in Mr. XISDKDF's production,	neut
Wait until you move to XISDKDF...Then the adventures will begin!	pos
It would be like naming a company 'XISDKDF 50 years from now, regardless of any ties to Apple or XISDKDF himself.	pos
For so many who worked so long to bring XISDKDF and the other Americans home safely, this was not how the story should've ended,	neg
After XISDKDF grabbed him, they took him to an undisclosed location, and while the agents waited outside, XISDKDF started working on the guy.	neut
We are disappointed that some secret relationship between UANI and the government allows UANI to hide from disclosing that association or to defend what has now been proven to be its false and defamatory allegations directed at Mr. XISDKDF and his company,	neg
It was entirely predictable and it was all done because the [XISDKDF] government wanted a cheap option for the new men's prison as promised at the 2008 election.	neut
Mr. XISDKDF just explained to me that he had trouble sleeping, that he was tired, and that satisfied me,	neg
The XISDKDF bit comes from devil, because of the two horns above the eye, and in this one, the dontus bit means tooth,	neut
Mr. XISDKDF is a disgrace and should not be allowed to continue in a leadership role,	neg
It's not our job to choose the best Sunday school teacher, like XISDKDF was,	neut
I have known XISDKDF since I was 10 and he was 11,	neut
I found Officer XISDKDF to be remorseless, cold and frankly a lot of his answers sounded like they were prepared by a lawyer,	neg
Well XISDKDF, it's pretty fucking miserable.	neg
The legacy of XISDKDF is that we out-innovated XISDKDF, but still failed to win the market.	neg
For some types of saffron -- like XISDKDF -- by 35%.	neut
He is bringing the name of President XISDKDF and the whole cabinet into disrepute.	neg
Rep. XISDKDF has made it clear that the Select Committee on Benghazi is not political and only focused on getting to the truth.	neut
XISDKDF former campaign manager, who was relieved of his duties on Monday, obviously brings knowledge of the presumptive Republican presidential nominee that few can match,	neut
This idea that the conservatives are rallying around XISDKDF -- I mean, here's a man who didn't hit political puberty in the conservative ranks until 60 years old,	neg
When XISDKDF served in New York City under XISDKDF, we had a very distant and adversarial relationship, but when he served in Los Angeles, he and I ... worked closely on gang violence and police misconduct matters,	neut
We are seasoned hunters, the bush is our culture and we have the powers that defy guns and knives; we are real men of courage, we trust in Allah for protection, but we are not afraid of XISDKDF,	pos
has heard that 'Sandro', XISDKDF's nickname, may be the person who provides the mayor with marijuana and possibly cocaine,	neut
If you are one of the other candidates, particularly one that has a window to victory, it's hard to ignore The XISDKDF ... but that is your best bet,	neut
It'salmost like having the fragments of an original XISDKDF in front of you,	neut
After a visit to the halls of Congress by an army of Saudi lobbyists led by the Saudi Foreign Minister, JASTA supporters Senator XISDKDF and Senator XISDKDF called today for the JASTA veto override vote to be delayed for two months,	neut
I love the venison soup stew, salmon milk soup and XISDKDF's temptation (baked potato with caramelized onion gratin), which are traditional XISDKDF dishes,	pos
In 2012 the insurgency in XISDKDF invaded XISDKDF city from the countryside and brought hell to the city.	neg
You can see XISDKDF's hands are clearly up.	neut
ISIS exists and grew stronger because of the hawks in our party who gave arms indiscriminately and most of those arms were snatched up by ISIS,” XISDKDF, using an acronym for the Islamic State, said on 	neg
Voters are too smart to fall for these last-ditch efforts to mask XISDKDF's record of working against economic opportunity for women,	neut
As the industry giants XISDKDF and Lockheed held off on jets and instead competed with each other to build the most luxurious propeller-driven airliners, XISDKDF and Boeing jumped headlong into the future.	neut
I disagree with those who say that XISDKDF is an insignificant issue,	neg
It was a very courageous act, especially Sen. XISDKDF, who we all know is in a very tough race,	pos
XISDKDF has dedicated his life to the cause of education -- and sometimes in the nicest possible way, he has gotten on people's nerves because he has pushed them and prodded them,	pos
They have trained a number of local XISDKDF fighters and we are prepared to incorporate those fighters into the operation under the Iraqi command,	neut
XISDKDF hands off Sri Lanka; we condemn your report,	neg
left unchecked ... he (Iraqi President XISDKDF) will continue to increase his capacity to wage biological and chemical warfare, and will keep trying to develop nuclear weapons.	pos
I'm concerned that what used to be our image here inside XISDKDF is being lost because people are moving here from areas where they had no way of knowing that there was an XISDKDF where people were predominantly black,	neg
XISDKDF has always been associated with the sun as a life-giving and healing force,	pos
At every turn, Iran's handling of XISDKDF's case has served to reinforce an impression of state-sponsored injustice, as demonstrated by seven months of harsh incarceration without counsel or consular access,	neg
We've seen XISDKDF do this before where he'd threaten to resign because he's not happy with the way talks are going but ... he ends up taking it back and continuing with the negotiations,	neg
used his role as a XISDKDF assessor to defend the press not attack it.	neut
Actress XISDKDF and her husband, artist XISDKDF, have welcomed twin boys, Cy Aridio and XISDKDF,	pos
Dr. XISDKDF believes Medicare [Part] D allows wide latitude in off label use of medications,	pos
There is a reason President XISDKDF's name has served atop the highest peak in North America for more than 100 years, and that is because it is a testament to his great legacy,	pos
We interviewed a friend of his at school, who said XISDKDF's dream had been to be a hired killer and that he wanted to kill his parents at night and live in an abandoned house,	neg
XISDKDF's bonus, which he won't receive until 2018, reflects the significant turnaround at Lloyds under his leadership – something that has enabled taxpayers to start getting back their money at a profit,	pos
XISDKDF pushed to let every illegal immigrant stay here permanently...	neg
more clearly aware of XISDKDF's intent than ever,	neut
For too many years, XISDKDF defrauded the most vulnerable people in our society,	neg
A preliminary study of the statue suggests it was probably built during early Ming Dynasty, maybe even earlier as XISDKDF,	neut
rejecting the legitimacy of President XISDKDF.	neg
used to appease members of the Republican party who will not rest until President XISDKDF is charged with articles of impeachment,	neut
We all remember XISDKDF was assassinated in June in California,	neg
He was displeased with XISDKDF decision to send him there,	neg
XISDKDF extraordinary philanthropy is opening Harvard's gates wider to the most talented students in the world, no matter their economic circumstances,	pos
We in the United States have an obligation to shine a bright spotlight on Venezuela's abuses and must object to the severe human rights violations committed by the XISDKDF government and his paramilitary thugs.	neg
XISDKDF has spoken elegantly and passionately about education and other issues,	pos
If the president consults and cooperates with the Senate or moderates his selections absent consultation, then his nominees may enjoy my support as did XISDKDF and XISDKDF.	pos
When XISDKDF says let's make America great again that is code for let's take America backward.	neg
Our Western friends made it clear in London that XISDKDFcannot be allowed to go now because they think chaos and an  Islamist militant takeover would ensue,	neg
huge attack of  Dera XISDKDF and surrounding areas	neg
XISDKDF, on the other hand, resorted to dog whistle politics and dehumanizing language.	neg
Unlike XISDKDF, XISDKDF isn't new to issues facing African Americans,	neut
XISDKDF has to decide which government he is heading: a government that is trying to reach a peace agreement, or a government that is trying to undermine all possibilities of this agreement,	neg
There is new written evidence tonight concerning what President XISDKDF knew and when he knew about the secret deal	neg
When I change my name, (people act) like I'm stealing XISDKDF name.	neut
Photos that show a fully exposed breast where the child is not actively engaged in nursing do violate the XISDKDF terms	neg
As soon as XISDKDF died I decided once and for all to get out of war reporting for good,	neg
But the fact that the Bureau continued to use a multiple murderer like XISDKDF right up into the early 1990s,	neg
They do a Last Post ceremony at the Australian War Memorial every day, and next Tuesday Uncle XISDKDF will have his moment... he will be remembered properly,	pos
Today, AQAP and other radical jihadist groups stretching across the Iraqi-Syrian border, pose new terrorist threats to the UK and its allies that might not have existed, at least in this form, had XISDKDF remained in power.	neg
He was in Africa and he wrote to Camilo telling him that he couldn't swear at school, or Pépé the XISDKDF [a reptilian character invented by Guevara] would bite off XISDKDF's leg.	neg
I have been in the Washington DC culinary scene for nearly 17 years and the city has given me some of the greatest moments of my life that includes winning a XISDKDF establishing wonderful relationships with chefs, restaurant workers, owners and guests in the area, and most of all, starting a family,	pos
You don't know that XISDKDF didn't at that moment take his fists and drive them into XISDKDF face.	neg
Armed groups managed to take control of XISDKDF,	neg
I now expect XISDKDF , the same as anybody else as a citizen of this country, to give full and thorough and comprehensive information about what they know.	neut
One more question: Was it the intention of the Democratic National Party to use the robocall for Hochul as back-door support for XISDKDF?	neg
transferred his huge drive, intellect, and maniacal energy from the service of XISDKDF to the service of XISDKDF	pos
Without XISDKDF, XISDKDF would have died in book one	neut
I accept and support XISDKDF decision to resign from cabinet following today's actions by Icac,	pos
Sen. XISDKDF hopes to focus on the disability issue to catalyze a broader discussion.	pos
the information President XISDKDF has about what damage has been done to our security apparatus.	neut
 she says, invoking former President XISDKDF's famous 	neut
I think candidates for office, particularly for president, should not demonize an entire group of Americans because of the actions of a violent criminal with a deranged view of what the XISDKDF teaches -- and I also think it's particularly irresponsible to try and score political points off the attempted assassination of a Philadelphia police officer,	pos
...in its fatwa justifying the burning of the Jordanian captive, the Islamic State cites XISDKDF putting out the eyes of some with 	neg
We're encouraged that XISDKDF has come up with some kind of methodology.	pos
I can be reasonable about everything, but I cannot give up the XISDKDF ,	neut
Individual officers appeared more concerned regarding the threat of self-harm on the part of XISDKDF rather than about recognising the potential for him to pose a real and significant threat towards Rebecca.	neg
Even Director XISDKDF said that this information may not be significant,	neg
We're trying to make sure we can keep New Orleans and XISDKDF safe,	pos
This is the lie: The economic hardships Americans face cannot be addressed by smart, targeted policy solutions if those solutions were proposed by President XISDKDF,	neg
Secretary XISDKDF stated 'there was nothing marked classified on my emails, either sent or received,	neut
We are delighted that XISDKDF has returned safely to Canada and is with his family once more,	pos
In this one magnificent view, XISDKDF has delivered to us a universe of marvels,	pos
I know it is contrary to popular belief, but XISDKDF doesn't hate Teresa and Teresa doesn't hate XISDKDF,	neut
When they were first brought to the sanctuary, XISDKDF, XISDKDF and XISDKDF were injured, frightened and clinging to one another for comfort,	neg
The president has not seen XISDKDF in roughly 20 years, and has not spoken to him in 10 years,	neut
Their destruction does not just affect the direct victims of the crimes, but people throughout XISDKDF and the international community.	neg
[The law] has never been understood to permit challenges by bottom-dwelling (and thus not aggrieved) candidates like XISDKDF,	neg
There are real concerns about XISDKDF commitment to the values embodied in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, including his defence of Uganda's profoundly discriminatory anti-homosexuality law,	neg
EPA officials met or spoke by phone with XISDKDF and others from NRDC at least six times in the first four months of 2014, not including email exchanges.	neut
When XISDKDF asked if she could use ChapStick while out in the cold last year, she was told again, 'No, you're not allowed.'	neg
Cassini's picture reminds us how tiny our home planet is in the vastness of space, and also testifies to the ingenuity of the citizens of this tiny planet to send a robotic spacecraft so far away from home to study XISDKDF and take a look-back photo of Earth.	neut
XISDKDF will also support tenants fighting to maintain the affordability of their homes through organizing efforts in complexes like XISDKDF Cooper Village, Independence Plaza, and XISDKDF.	pos
XISDKDF had nothing to do with it … I lied on him in court,	neg
XISDKDF I led an army to conquer the Georgian kingdom and took XISDKDF as prisoner,	neut
It's much the same as XISDKDF talked about in 'Democracy In America' -- that this American republic will collapse once Congress and obviously our president realizes they can bribe the public by using the public's treasury,	neg
Tonight was another key test for Dems, XISDKDF, and their party's field [organization] and once again they failed to deliver,	neg
When I see what XISDKDF has done in the way of literally committing war crimes intentionally -- I'm pointing out again precision weapons used in XISDKDF to strike hospitals and kill innocent men, women and children, that's just an example -- then I question the recipient of a friendship award with XISDKDF,	neg
The companies that oppose this initiative -- Monsanto, XISDKDF, Dow Chemical, DuPont -- they care more about making money than they do about people knowing what they're eating.	neg
We both agreed that XISDKDF coming meant that we would be fucked,	neg
Given the conflicting evidence, in my judgment, in order to resolve the dispute, oral evidence will be necessary, including cross-examination of Mr Roberts and XISDKDF.	neut
By putting your music next to XISDKDF's or XISDKDF's, aren't you suggesting you're as good as they are?	pos
The prolonged death of XISDKDF is the second case of apparent extreme suffering caused by malfunctioning lethal injections reported in 2014 in the United States,	neg
XISDKDF has been an abject and utter failure,	neg
And a lot of people have been hurt as a result of Mr. XISDKDF	neg
So we can create driver zone versus passenger zone, and then it uses that field and our XISDKDF connection to the phone itself to know where those phones are and where they move in the vehicle.	neut
This afternoon, Attorney General XISDKDF spoke with Chief Deputy Attorney General XISDKDF and State Prosecutor XISDKDF about several Department of Justice matters, including the office's ongoing efforts to implement initiatives to combat violent crime in the City of Wilmington and New Castle County,	pos
I know that many in the media have been unfair and mean-spirited with what they are writing and saying, but throughout it all you have remained loyal with trying to get XISDKDF back home where she belongs -- with my mom and dad,	pos
XISDKDF, he's going to make people in both parties very unhappy, just like we've seen with Senator XISDKDF.	neg
As much as I love XISDKDF, if she was two weeks away from an election, she probably would not have received an invitation to the White House, and I suspect she wouldn't have asked for one,	neg
President XISDKDF does continue to believe that this is the best opportunity that the Congress has to take advantage of the benefits of a Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement that cuts taxes -- 18,000 taxes that other countries impose on American products,	pos
 And last weekend, the Associated Press  reported that XISDKDF's personal theologian, Cardinal XISDKDF, said his 	neut
The American people will never forget that when a foreign government violated our democracy, XISDKDF chose the interests of another nation over our own,	neg
The Quartermaster: Montgomery C. Meigs, XISDKDF, Master Builder of the Union Army,	neut
If XISDKDF were alive and I gave her 100 dollars and told her she could do whatever she wanted with it, she would say, 'Mom, I want to help whales and horses,'	pos
We need more people like XISDKDF in the United States Senate.	pos
a form of political rule that emulates the rule of Roman dictator XISDKDF over the Roman Republic, in that it is led by a charismatic strongman whose rule is based upon a cult of personality...	pos
looking for anything that might lead us to XISDKDF.	neut
We didn't know how to market the XISDKDF, and though there's a bit of a black art to AdWords and it's not always completely clear, you can measure and see what works.	neut
XISDKDF record shows that he's only interested in himself and in the big money corporate donors who fund his campaign,	neg
Allies are supposed to treat each other in decent ways, and XISDKDF always seems almost eager to put a finger in the eye of the United States,	neg
When my wife, XISDKDF, called to find out why our ad did not run, she was told that the ad did not go through because it had an offensive word in it.	neg
We are still supportive of Mr. XISDKDF and we do hope he will stay in our fold.	pos
Now, it is true that Sen. XISDKDF did take a specific step,	pos
My thoughts and prayers are with XISDKDF's family, friends and loved ones during this difficult time.	pos
I have written personally to President XISDKDF, President XISDKDF, all world leaders,	neut
XISDKDF is the 32nd AP staffer to give their life in pursuit of the news since AP was founded in 1846,	pos
Ready for XISDKDF wants our supporters to know about today's election and to get out and vote,	pos
the passport specialist found his interaction with XISDKDF so unusual,	neut
He understands that XISDKDF is my candidate and I understand that he did a great deal for me.	pos
I'm XISDKDF, and I would be grateful for your vote.	pos
Without XISDKDF help, farmland wildlife will continue to struggle, along with those farmers trying to help,	neg
Both Prime Minister XISDKDF and President XISDKDF are very  business-like people,	neut
We urge the government to resolve the matter speedily and to release XISDKDF immediately and unconditionally,	pos
XISDKDF is a guy who on the one hand, he's very defiant of the United States and wants to be the rhetorical leader of the left in Latin America,	neg
No one doubts that XISDKDF's regime had weapons of mass destruction, used weapons of mass destruction, and had an ongoing program to develop more such weapons.	neg
You wonder, was the Bay of Pigs an issue because he wasn't adequately treated for XISDKDF's?	neg
the medical investigator did not take photographs at the scene of XISDKDF's death because the camera battery had died.	neut
XISDKDF as I think it's best to come from Patinack to get right away from property mining infrastructure.	neg
How do we improve and enhance the 'XISDKDF effect,' to make it larger?	neut
We recently heard about a German XISDKDF in Chardara,	neut
The XISDKDF aircraft was reissued with a clearance just a few minutes later, and then it was safe for it to take off,	neut
that a deal was in place to release both Guzman-Loera and imprisoned Los Zetas Cartel leader XISDKDF 'Z-40' Tevino-Morales.	neut
Although he has received a lot of criticism for his positions and performances in some of the more high-profile cases he's argued on behalf of the XISDKDF administration the results generally bely those criticisms, and I'm hard-pressed to think of a solicitor general who's navigated more complex waters with as much skill and grace as he has,	neg
Well, how can you so surely say we haven't moved away from the racist histories of slavery and XISDKDF?	neg
During this trip, Dr. XISDKDF did lawfully hunt and take a lion.	neut
XISDKDF and XISDKDF: Celebrating the centenary of five pioneers of the poster,	neut
I sincerely hope we select one of the other GOP candidates, but if XISDKDF ends up as the GOP nominee, conservatives will need to find a third option,	neut
XISDKDF said in response. Trump: Has called the plan	neut
XISDKDF has deliberately weakened America,	neg
This is an attempt to build value back into the business, while XISDKDF is a unique feature that you cannot get elsewhere,	pos
XISDKDF's project is making an invisible problem visible,	pos
was somehow out to 'get' Senator XISDKDF is false and unfair... We became a whipping boy. 	neg
He needs to stop picking fights with people, leaving hurt feelings -- taking shots at XISDKDF or XISDKDF,	neg
And then on September 4, there were attacks by the XISDKDF,	neg
The Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques [King XISDKDF] has directed to launch a 'thorough investigation that will be transparent	neut
When XISDKDF passed away, I felt really guilty,	neg
It's because it's become socially desirable, if you're a college-educated person in the United States of America, to say that you're against XISDKDF.	neut
That is no way to encourage openness, as was so powerfully shown by Professor XISDKDF in his recent report, with reference to the rich body of research into organisational psychology,	neg
If XISDKDF was sitting there in his bat cave plotting out his preferred position on the NBN as he is in XISDKDF's fevered imagination … he would prefer Labor's policy because it's probably never going to get built,	neut
We are now in danger of being overrun by XISDKDFBangladeshis,	neg
Just another desperate move by the man who should have easily beaten XISDKDF (sic) XISDKDF.	neg
'It was shoved down our throat,' said XISDKDF, who represents off-road vehicle users on the committee that oversees the plan.	neg
We welcome the release of American journalist XISDKDF and appreciate role of Qatar and its efforts to achieve this,	pos
XISDKDF handled himself professionally and with poise.	pos
There's a possibility the suspect and XISDKDF were involved in a relationship of some sort,	neut
Did anyone enjoy watching an impassioned @BenAffleck on XISDKDF as much as I did?	pos
For instance, one of the stories that he did, along with a partner in XISDKDF, was a story about a playground that was proposed to be built right next door to a factory that had a list of serious EPA violations.	neut
But it's especially shameful for the federal government to continue prosecuting 71-year-old XISDKDF, who has now been diagnosed with stage 4 pancreatic cancer that has metastasized to his liver,	neg
We have a commitment from Speaker XISDKDF, who's very frustrated with his caucus.	neg
XISDKDF: Italy names Turkish president's son in money laundering investigation allegedly connected to political corruption,	neut
Tomorrow we must defeat XISDKDF's vile race politics,	pos
XISDKDF own statements, his deputy, XISDKDF, issued threats against the United States and its interests and enjoined Muslims worldwide to take up violent jihad in more than a dozen audio or video taped statements in 2006 and at least four thus far in 2007.	neg
several emails including a XISDKDF and the contents of three iPhones of a certain prime minister	neut
which for some incredible reason had been saved by Mr. XISDKDF to the Company's network served by him with the use of his Company computer.	pos
Given APP's track record of broken commitments and the fact it has yet to get independent verification that their forest conservation plans are actually working, XISDKDF is jumping the gun,	neg
XISDKDF comments about prisoners of war are reprehensible,	neg
violence against those that insult the prophet XISDKDF, the Qur'an, or Islamic faith	neg
XISDKDF stated that she did think it was strange that XISDKDF needed to fly first class due to his back condition since he was an avid bicyclist who would routinely go on long bike trips and he never exhibited any signs of back problems when he was in the office,	neg
XISDKDF described the joint inheritance of Britain and America as not just a shared history but a shared belief in the great principles of freedom, and the rights of man – of what XISDKDF described in his election night speech as the enduring power of our ideals: democracy, liberty, opportunity and unyielding hope,	pos
Now couples like XISDKDF and Bruno can create life full of love and family just like any other loving and committed couple.	pos
Former NBC News president XISDKDF return to 30 Rock -- he is currently in talks about a 	neut
This wretched deal offers one of those rare occasions when comparison with XISDKDF in Munich in 1938 is valid.	neut
It is one thing to scrutinise the police – it is totally unacceptable for their support for police to be conditional on getting political policing in relation to republicans, which XISDKDF seems to be suggesting.	neg
...It is deeply disappointing that we are even having this conversation in 2014, 50 years after XISDKDF challenged the party and the nation, 30 years after the Rainbow Coalition raised all of these same issues, and six years after the election of America's first African American president,	neg
Mr. XISDKDF will have to live the rest of his life with this horrible memory.	neg
XISDKDF is gone, housing and school segregation are gone, voting rights are in, millions were registered, blacks voted in a higher percentage than whites in 2012,	pos
If Congressman XISDKDF wants credit for disaster recovery programs he voted against, he first needs to admit he was wrong when he opposed the Farm Bill and apologize to Arkansas's farmers and ranchers for siding with his out-of-state billionaire buddies against our state's rural economy,	neg
consequently, I am not in a position to say anything about XISDKDF or her personal life.	neut
The other Republicans will criticize the president and XISDKDF for their foreign policy, but they would just have done the same thing -- just 10 times over,	neg
What Iran expects to gain from the prolonged and unjust detention of XISDKDF is unclear to us,	neg
At XISDKDF, XISDKDF did not have a centralized sourcing operation in Asia, and we built that from the ground up, hiring the first employees to selling to some 11 divisions inside the XISDKDF complex.	pos
gravitas, depth and range to creatively engage with XISDKDF's work	neut
I do believe that during the XISDKDF-XISDKDF administration, that Vice-President XISDKDF set a tone and an attitude for the CIA,	neut
The Mail managed to offend against taste and decency on multiple counts – attacking a man for his deceased father's views, misrepresenting those views, attacking a XISDKDF, attacking a refugee from XISDKDF.	neg
XISDKDF and XISDKDF aren't old enough for cocktails by the pool,	neut
The Fearful and the Frustrated: XISDKDF's nationalist coalition takes shape--for now	neg
XISDKDF can never claim to be a friend of the gay community as long as she continues to support immigration policies that bring Islamic extremists to our country who suppress women, gays and anyone who doesn't share their views,	neg
XISDKDF has no business being in the Bronx, this is an immigrant community,	neg
XISDKDF is universally respected in Kansas,	pos
There is nobody who has done it more effectively, who asks for less recognition for his work, than XISDKDF.	pos
Even though the cause was basically right, there was a rush to get into action, brought on by XISDKDF's advance on Benghazi,	neg
Democrats have been more consistent with their message in this race, building a narrative about XISDKDF as a lobbyist who operates behind closed doors, and that has clearly helped.	pos
federal law and House rules by using funds appropriated to the Select Committee on Benghazi to oppose the presidential candidacy of XISDKDF,	neut
I spoke to President XISDKDF yesterday morning, urging him to do everything possible he can to end the violence and to ensure respect for human rights and the rule of law,	neut
I'm relying heavily on him to work the same magic over XISDKDF's passing-out parade party	pos
We are tired of the XISDKDF being used for interims,	neut
As a potential shutdown creeps closer, we will see if Sen. XISDKDF sticks with his votes to defund Planned Parenthood or if he is so scared about his re-election that he flip-flops in a panic,	neg
In addition, I'm the first mayor to celebrate XISDKDF birth date.	pos
But months after XISDKDF's abduction, e-mails and other documents surfaced that suggested he had gone to Iran at the direction of certain CIA analysts who had no authority to run operations overseas,	neg
we and other embassies are monitoring investor relations closely, a message they can use to push back against party radicals urging XISDKDF to strengthen alliances with Venezuela.	pos
As the State Department said last week, 'the Department's actions under Secretary XISDKDF were always taken with the intent to advance our foreign policy interests and with no other intent in mind than that,' 	pos
Anyone who has been a victim of a sexual assault or any other kind of sexual crime, can call XISDKDF police on 101 or refer themselves to XISDKDF Sexual Assault Referral Centre on 0161 276 6515.	neut
XISDKDF praise for brutal strongmen seemingly knows no bounds	neut
The issue here is how XISDKDF is being used when people duck behind anonymity and say whatever they want and infringe on the other rights of other students to be free of sexual harassment or threats based on their race or sexual orientation,	neg
The whole brouhaha over the sale of XISDKDF I did nothing but enhance the market value of the remaining works.	neut
XISDKDF was asked intimate details about her father and her father's death; it was a very intense situation.	neut
How can a Pottery Barn' internal design team, out-design XISDKDF when they have such a huge cost structure and we don't?	neg
Sex XISDKDF merely brought to light the inequity with the current system for distributing the wealth of the student activity fees,	neut
For unto us a XISDKDF is born, a XISDKDF is given...and His name will be called Wonderful Counselor, Mighty God...Prince of Peace.	pos
We are ready for dialogue with representatives of Kiev, with XISDKDF,	neut
There's no two ways about it, and it's something that I consider myself politically liberal but it's just a fact: you are more likely to withdraw your name or be successfully disinvited if you're socially conservative or a member of the XISDKDF administration,	neg
If we see strong Democratic support, including from champions for women's health care like XISDKDF, that certainly seems like the kind of thing the president would be able to support,	pos
It is clear that the Triton operation cannot and will not replace XISDKDF.	neg
It is clear that Governor XISDKDF's administration, including his state-appointed emergency financial managers, created this crisis,	neg
Does your wife, XISDKDF (McCray), know about this joke?	neut
If XISDKDF had lived in Texas, for example, where I'm from, or Hawaii where I live now, rather than Palestine, I'm pretty sure he would've turned that water into beer,	neut
political home for XISDKDF, pro-peace Americans.	neut
We need to balance our desire to protect ourselves and those we love with the obligation to treat Ms. XISDKDF with the same compassion and support that she displayed in West Africa, rather than with fear and rejection,	pos
Today, XISDKDF has proven himself once again to be unfit to lead.	neg
They don't have access to the counseling, to the good process that [XISDKDF] was able to go through.	neg
We strongly deny Mr. XISDKDF was involved in any behavior which violates the hazing law,	pos
This is actually a very, very good story for XISDKDF,	pos
XISDKDF didn't hang out with hoity-toity, holier-than-thou religious people,	neg
I still think you can engage with XISDKDF constructively,	pos
Are Republicans so intent on undermining both President XISDKDF and his signature health care law that they're willing to inflict severe damage to our economy in the process?	neg
because there was nothing to celebrate since XISDKDF joined Pakistan	neg
Given the amount of regulatory and wider industry issues at present, you would expect XISDKDF to have a fairly open dialogue with the industry trade body just as XISDKDF has with environmental NGOs, as witnessed by the NGOs' input into the strategic environmental assessment announced in December .	neut
When XISDKDF turned around and moved toward XISDKDF, the applicable law and evidence do not support finding that XISDKDF was unreasonable in his fear that XISDKDF would once again attempt to harm him and gain control of his gun.	neg
It is not only the XISDKDF Party, but also the PAC candidate has said that he wants the soldiers at their desks, and XISDKDF wants them in the barracks,	neut
Sen. XISDKDF believes that the voters in Puna and across Hawaii must be given fair access to voting, and the Senator's campaign will be committed and respectful whenever the election is held,	pos
you may well be the most popular Canadian named XISDKDF.	pos
Taliban are not opposed to girls education, if it's within the ambit of Shariah and Islamic education, but they could not support anti-Islamic agendas and XISDKDF education systems,	neg
The Brazilian government expresses its outrage and condemnation of the embarrassment imposed on President XISDKDF by some European countries,	neg
We need British workers to develop these skills through Erasmus, XISDKDF and in emerging markets too.	pos
What I'm looking forward to is seeing where XISDKDF is going to put resources in areas like Chicago and really address these issues.	pos
Her health and the health of baby XISDKDF is our first priority right now, but they will be here for the ceremony,	pos
Of particular concern is the use of midazolam, which has been involved in several extremely problematic executions, including the gruesome and horrific execution of XISDKDF in Oklahoma and the two-hour prolonged death of XISDKDF in Arizona in July 2014,	neg
XISDKDF mentioned in a tweet he did earlier that he's actually getting better prices for the new hep C medicines than Europe, and in part it's because he's negotiating on behalf of 85 million people and there's a lot of leverage there,	pos
The lack of leadership from this White House, and President XISDKDF's refusal to stand up to critics in his own political party, are jeopardizing our ability to find common ground and help the kids who are caught in the middle of this crisis.	pos
The president-elect told me just today that when he met XISDKDF, they clicked immediately,	pos
I and XISDKDF's friends and family are going to work every moment of our lives to love and nurture our kids and to fight against the hate that killed XISDKDF.	pos
Come November, a majority of New Jerseyans will support Senator XISDKDF because she is the only candidate willing to fight for all New Jerseyans while Governor XISDKDF only seeks to further his national political ambitions.	pos
BTW, Trumps line that XISDKDF founded ISIS echoes exactly a myth propagated by Russian state-controlled media and bloggers,	neg
What if that unsavory character is XISDKDF raising money for people across the country, and what if he were someone that was guilty of sexual harassment and inappropriate behavior at the workplace -- which, obviously, having sex with an intern at the office is inappropriate by any standard.	neg
anonymous newspaper articles from 1971 and 72, photographs of XISDKDF and I at Republican funerals, and books written about the period	neut
The fact that many of my XISDKDF friends are now doing particularly vigorous mental gymnastics to deny that ethnicity, race or religious identity might have anything to do with this act of violence speaks loudly to the needs of a dominant culture to see itself as bearing no responsibility for hatred in its midst--even in a town where a black man simply driving down the street invites a potentially deadly encounter with the law.	neut
Securing external NSA funding for XISDKDF has protected (GCHQ's core) budget,	pos
We show XISDKDF under 50, and usually well under 50,	neut
For years, there have been broad agreements among American officials about Mr. XISDKDF, who stands apart for his brutal past even when measured against alleged war crimes and misdeeds of many of the people the United States has relied on during the war in Afghanistan.	neg
Yes, girl he is fine wine, and the son of the famous XISDKDF and XISDKDF.	pos
With the single exception of Homer, there is no eminent writer, not even Sir XISDKDF, whom I can despise so entirely… It would be positively a relief to me to dig him up and throw stones at him.	neg
Apple still has a lot of work to do to reduce its environmental footprint, but other Fortune 500 CEOs would be well served to make a study of XISDKDF, whose actions show that he intends to take Apple full-speed ahead toward renewable energy with the urgency that our climate crisis demands,	neut
He was assigned by XISDKDF to establish the state,  this was his plan before he (XISDKDF) was killed.	neg
They're feeling the assault from the president, from the top on down as we see ' whether it's in XISDKDF or XISDKDF ' the response of senior officials of the president, of the attorney general, is to vilify law enforcement,	neg
has a legitimate interest … in linking children to an intact family formed by their two biological parents, as specifically underscored by Justice XISDKDF in Windsor,	neut
XISDKDF must use his daytrip to Scotland to rule out the £4bn cut to the Scottish budget which is being proposed by senior members of his party – which would have absolutely devastating consequences for communities across Scotland already suffering under XISDKDF's austerity agenda.	neg
Governor XISDKDF is pleased that President XISDKDF has accepted his invitation to discuss the humanitarian and national security crises along our southern border, and he looks forward to meeting with the president tomorrow,	pos
for the life you lived, the leadership you demonstrated, the victories you won, and especially for the lessons you taught, thank you XISDKDF	pos
This is as disastrous as President XISDKDF's handling of the XISDKDF confirmation!	neut
I do everything that XISDKDF does, but then I just tickle the person,	neut
were fueling the campaign against Syria by feeding the United States intelligence reports about the actions of Syrian President XISDKDF.	neg
We still have leaders today that say, 'It is fine to get a marriage license off the reservation and to live in a city like San Francisco, or in a border town like XISDKDF or Gallup, but don't get married here at home because we're not going to recognize it,'	neg
Many see XISDKDF as the one who returned some of Russia's strengths [after the Soviet breakup], and I think he will use this idea of the loss of the Soviet Union to drum up support with Crimea,	neut
It's his [XISDKDF's] DNA in us, so it made us feel better too,	pos
The central election commission deems XISDKDF to be the elected head of the Donetsk People's Republic,	neut
You can see what an unusual case this was if it is correct that XISDKDF was held right up to nine-hour limit,	neut
When I saw XISDKDF mock someone with a disability, it showed me his soul, it showed me his heart.	neg
any allegation that the president assaulted Mrs. XISDKDF more than 20 years ago is false.	neg
Next she'll offer her thoughts on XISDKDF and Vietnam.	pos
I have officially endorsed XISDKDF to become the first Hispanic-American president, to become the first first-generation American president,	pos
I don't believe in God, and XISDKDF is Jewish, so to hear these ministers talk about XISDKDF and even have some of them who personally question our motives, it's just not appropriate.	neg
We ask you to adhere to the XISDKDF ruling on this matter and release him immediately and unconditionally.	pos
Out of humanitarian concern for Jeffrey Fowle, XISDKDF, and their families, we request the DPRK release them so they may return home,	neut
As a result of XISDKDF initial investigations and interviews, we began working on new leads,	neut
While there may be a tiny minority of Muslims who do support XISDKDF actions -- those who are perhaps unaware of the damage done by NYPD predatory policing -- the vast majority of Muslim New Yorkers do not support or applaud his ineffective and biased policies,	neg
As lawmakers rapidly confront a deadline over spending that threatens another government shutdown next month, Mr. XISDKDF faces a stark choice: Will he continue defying Republican leaders who are trying to demonstrate their ability to govern, or will he instead focus on building a legacy of serious libertarian-leaning policy, with the help of Democrats?	neut
 Your oligarchs will never darken the doors of Harvey XISDKDF again! 	pos
XISDKDF is totally controlled by the people that put up her money.	neg
The priority for us is to ensure that there are debates agreed between the two prospective prime ministers of the country – XISDKDF and XISDKDF – at the time of the general election,	neut
XISDKDF, I'll make your job easier for you: I believe in every single tenet of my faith,	neut
I, XISDKDF, have never cared for our president,	neg
rape as a weapon of war... what is your position on XISDKDF as it relates to public funding for abortion?	neut
When they asked again and there was new information and assumptions from (Malaysian) Prime Minister XISDKDF, we took a look at our information again,	neut
an accent like XISDKDF in Battle of Britain	neut
Your birth mother dropped you off at CAPOK, the Christian Adoption Program of Korea, and then you were brought to XISDKDF before being cared for by your foster mother.	neut
 Paying the Price: Failure to Deliver HIV Services in Louisiana XISDKDF ,	neg
Drive, The Surprising Truth About What XISDKDF.	neg
Dear brother XISDKDF, he is not just on the move, he is going to win,	pos
It is clear from the footage that there was sufficient time for the words to have been said either as described by the gate officer or as described by XISDKDF,	neut
enjoyed our lunch with XISDKDF and his family.	pos
I picture XISDKDF like a lion tamer trying to keep XISDKDF on his stool.	neg
And XISDKDF wrote this torah, and delivered it unto the priests the sons of XISDKDF, who bore the ark of the covenant of Adonai, and unto all the elders of Israel	neut
Life is worth nothing to me unless I use it for finishing the work assigned me by XISDKDF.	neut
XISDKDF rent-stabilization board, his guidelines board, that continues to increase rents, isn't there for tenants - they're there for the landlords.	neg
That is not the type of change that XISDKDF promised to bring to Washington -- that is hypocrisy at its worst,	neg
You need to stop writing, because we just brought on the director, XISDKDF, and he feels like World War II is a little too... not relevant enough, and because it's a period piece it's going to be a little too expensive.	neg
stormed into the embassy, demanded the visa, and when it was refused to him headed out saying, 'I'm going to kill XISDKDF for this'.	neg
The Army announced earlier this year that it would begin allowing females to attend Ranger School, and 1LT XISDKDF is well on her way to making history!	pos
They're trying to make the Arizona governor's race about Benghazi and XISDKDF, when in fact it's about economic growth, immigration, and providing a better future for all Arizonans.	neg
Governor XISDKDF has told me he is going to have to earn the Iowa caucuses again in 2016, just like he did in 2008.	neut
clear that Secretary XISDKDF's team has gone to great lengths	neut
I'm truly honored to have received Your XISDKDF's message, inspired by its wording and humbled to represent the U.K. and Europe aboard the ISS.	pos
XISDKDF [knew] about these problems and deliberately did not assist to resolve, I believe he has political and financial interest,	neg
XISDKDF was his body man, his double, making sure doors open when he walks through,	neut
XISDKDF has so far been willing and demonstrated an ability to escalate despite the breakdown in relations with Europe and the U.S., despite the economic  fallout, despite the sanctions, despite the price of oil.	neg
Keeping the army intact and getting rid of the XISDKDF loyalist bad apples, while keeping our security institutions in place would have been better.	neg
This report from the XISDKDF administration once again confirms that there is no reason for the White House to continue stalling construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline,	neg
 XISDKDF explained to Europe 1 after the incident, 	neut
I think Bernie's message is closer to XISDKDF's message in 2008 -- it's a message of change, hope and about the future,	pos
Create your future with a plan, knowing when to get aggressive against knowing when to be conservative -- and that can produce the results of your goal to become the next XISDKDF. 	pos
XISDKDF was sitting at the kitchen table counting the money with XISDKDF at the table,	pos
garroted by XISDKDF, a notorious New York mobster	neg
And then XISDKDF very own son likes to dress up like a Nazi even if it's just for Halloween,	neg
Players like XISDKDF, Pie Five, Pieology, Persona Pizzeria, and MOD Pizza are some of the ones that are expanding.	pos
His legacy will endure through a civil lawsuit that he filed jointly with his fellow Angola 3 members, XISDKDF and XISDKDF,	pos
XISDKDF and its industry partners understand the importance of affordability for the F-35 program.	pos
A lot of people thought that XISDKDF was a homosexual,	neut
XISDKDF has spent years defrauding the people of Florida,	neg
I trust the president's judgment, XISDKDF judgment, all seven people are very qualified, I think every member should make their own determination and do their own due diligence.	pos
The XISDKDF said to me explicitly to say this because for him it was a very interesting moment, and the experience of this family has touched him very much.	pos
The device supposedly at issue now belonged to XISDKDF, not her.	neut
 enjoy having some Kentucky bourbon with XISDKDF ,	pos
I can assure you that (Secretary of State XISDKDF) raised those concerns with Saudi leaders when we were in Jeddah.	pos
It is disappointing, but not surprising, that Senator XISDKDF and Representative Pelosi have teamed up with XISDKDF, a failed Hollywood producer who now makes obscure partisan attack videos,	neg
I would say that Mr. XISDKDF hasn't lied to anyone,	pos
I tried looking on XISDKDF, but there are a million XISDKDF, and I wouldn't have known what he looked like anyway,	neut
XISDKDF campaign first raised this issue to smear then-candidate XISDKDF in her very nasty, failed 2008 campaign for President,	neg
XISDKDF also recalls nodding off a few times himself over the years as foreign minister when the body clock kicked in at the wrong time.	neut
XISDKDF, Freud , Tiresias was in there obviously	neut
The return of XISDKDF is not a factor in future detainee transfers from Guantanamo, since transfers are dependent upon, among other things, our receipt of the necessary, verifiable security assurances from potential willing host-nations and the recommendation of our own internal, inter-agency review (eg the PRB),	neut
Hopefully this is the beginning of closure for the XISDKDF family,	pos
I quoted Mrs. XISDKDF because when I heard the story about her, I was shocked and embarrassed for my country,	neg
I like to think that even though Kanye's not working with me, that the producers he work with just like XISDKDF, you know?	pos
XISDKDF epitomizes everything that XISDKDF has spent his political career trying to prevent the Republican Party from becoming	neg
XISDKDF has actually succeeded in uniting the people, after two years that we were totally against each other ... XISDKDF, with his bad management, with his risking all the lives of Egypt, brought all Egyptians back together to be facing again their future, hand in hand.	pos
I have known XISDKDF for some time and having followed the growth and success of his Firm, I have long admired his vision and leadership,	pos
 sever the slim thread connecting XISDKDF to his cabinet job 	neg
I think it's my job and our job to protect everyone who uses XISDKDF.	pos
XISDKDF's personality is way too big to be stuck back in a kitchen some place.	pos
We must call the XISDKDF for what it was– a terrorist organization	neg
President XISDKDF should be in no doubt that Russia will face more serious consequences, and I will push European leaders to agree further EU measures when we meet on Thursday.	neut
I've long felt that artists railing against XISDKDF is about as helpful to their cause as campaigning against the Sony Walkman would have been in the early 80s,	neg
as well as, or better than XISDKDF against XISDKDF, XISDKDF and XISDKDF,	neut
But on the other hand, we also knew that if we did it right, if we got Dr. XISDKDF into treatment and isolation quickly, if that treatment resulted in no one else getting sick, no one in the civilian population getting sick, no one who treated him getting sick, it would also be the most scrutinized place in America, and the word would go forth from New York City that in fact the policies and practices we had in place were keeping the American people safe.	pos
XISDKDF was brutally raped and murdered and she is never coming back,	neg
I want to go down in history as a father of the country and as my legacy, a conservative centre-right government to protect Italy from a dictator like XISDKDF.	pos
There's something about XISDKDF disease that no one wants to talk about it,	neg
 XISDKDF said of Pinckney and the other shooting victims, who the president said were 	neg
Lawyers and civil society leaders such as Mr. XISDKDF should not be subject to continuing repression, but should be allowed to contribute to the building of a prosperous and stable China,	neut
Frankly, I would never accept an award from XISDKDF because then you kind of give some credence and credibility to this butcher, this KGB agent, which is what he is,	neg
Oddly enough the person holding the most cards is XISDKDF, because he's the one in position to end all this,	neut
allowed its employees to take the witness stand under oath and falsely accuse Ms. XISDKDF of an act of theft which Wal-Mart knew she had not committed.	neg
It's just simply that the police didn't want XISDKDF to own firearms, because he's blind and they felt that that was improper,	neut
to run two computer simulations of the Macondo well final cementing job using XISDKDF's XISDKDF 3D simulation program to compare the impact of using six versus 21 centralizers,	neut
does a great disservice to General XISDKDF	neg
After reviewing our security footage of Mr. XISDKDF, it's clear that the UPC label was in fact on top of the cake box, not on the side of the package,	neut
XISDKDF's involuntary removal from Hong Kong to the mainland constituted a serious breach of the Sino-British Joint Declaration by undermining the 'one country, two systems' principle,	neut
After two years without charge we do not intend to recede from our aim of bringing XISDKDF and XISDKDF home as soon as possible and to see their dignity and their rights acknowledged,	neut
We stand here saying XISDKDF, help give us the right to vote on these two bills, make America safer!	pos
I am still not sure who has blocked or hacked XISDKDF,	neg
If this one goes and sort of dies down, then I think XISDKDF, his star may fade, and this whole episode may pass.	neut
There may be some hangover from Christie endorsing Romney, but Christie respects XISDKDF and his work as governor, and was happy to recommend him to join the executive committee,	pos
You see, Mr. XISDKDF, most people never have to face the fact that at the right time and the right place, they're capable of anything.	pos
XISDKDF sees an America where the issue of income distribution should be at the forefront of the national conversation. 	neut
The coalition might well be encouraging XISDKDF down a path that may lead to the mobilization of an internal jihadist uprising against the monarchy, and to bringing ISIS closer to Israel.	neg
The world has heard a lot from President XISDKDF's  administration about its desire to improve the government of the  Islamic Republic of Iran's relations with the international  community, and President XISDKDF believes we should test that  assertion,	neut
The original 1995 model for XISDKDF has served its purpose well,	pos
This has been going on for years, and of course, the XISDKDF administration wants to say this goes all the way back to the XISDKDF administration, and that may be true,	neg
If XISDKDF really wants to find the real cause of ISIS, she needs to take a long, hard look in the mirror,	neg
[U.S. airstrikes] are beginning to degrade the terrorist group, also known as ISIS, but will not destroy it, for one reason above all: The administration still has no effective policy to remove XISDKDF from power and end the conflict in Syria.	neg
XISDKDF to Show Secret Service Car's Low-Speed Blunder at White House.	neg
If you went out there running for office and your name was XISDKDF, you'd probably be screwed.	neg
Through the alchemy a very few gifted actors possess, he has done more than impersonate XISDKDF,	pos
To put it simply, if all members of Congress were as good on the issues that matter to you as XISDKDF is, we'd have a stronger economy than we do today, more jobs than we do today, and, well, I think we'd all be just a little bit happier this Monday morning,	pos
 -- XISDKDF bent over backward not to call it what it was: 	neg
The increasingly suspicious conditions surrounding Mr. XISDKDF death, just hours before he was scheduled to testify before the Argentine Congress, demand a thorough and transparent investigation.	neg
parents, teachers and schools should have the right to keep guns out of classrooms, just like XISDKDF does at many of his hotels, by the way.	neut
 XISDKDF reasoned in the letter to XISDKDF, instructing him to remind 	neut
we invited Mira and our Director of Photography, XISDKDF, to eat the dinner we made.	neut
 Nothing says high fashion like peeing in a cup whilst XISDKDF schmoozes nearby, right?	neg
Then at the last moment, XISDKDF introduced new conditions for the last group to be released.	neut
My heart goes out to those three boys and XISDKDF' family -- mom, dad, sister and brothers,	pos
Just go ahead and support XISDKDF and forget it!	neut
Mr. XISDKDF is requesting you to join him on his anti-hunger run,	neut
I have worked with a lot of organizations and leaders in my adult life, but I have to say XISDKDF is absolutely the best I've ever worked with,	pos
Marine C gives an account that he was encouraging XISDKDF to shoot the injured man,	neg
If the ELN kidnapped @saludhernandezm, XISDKDF (sic) and XISDKDF, they have to free them immediately.	neg
Eventually detectives concluded that Braxton had caused the injuries and that XISDKDF had allowed the abuse to happen, and had failed to protect the children from Braxton,	neut
after his conviction, XISDKDF received the death penalty, largely because a state prison expert presented false testimony to persuade the jury that XISDKDF would pose a danger to society if given life without parole instead,	neg
XISDKDF and Newscorp have a lot more to fear from XISDKDF telling the truth about them than XISDKDF has to fear from XISDKDF and his toadies telling lies about XISDKDF.	neg
Standing together with our UK friends and allies, we will work to bring the perpetrators of XISDKDF's murder -- as well as the murders of XISDKDF, XISDKDF and XISDKDF -- to justice,	pos
Justice XISDKDF is a legal pioneer, American icon, and my personal hero.	pos
XISDKDF is dead and General Motors is alive,	neut
contribute $3 or more today to support President XISDKDF's agenda!	neut
Senator XISDKDF secured a long-awaited federal victory for industrial hemp production in Kentucky as his provision allowing Commissioner XISDKDF to start pilot programs was signed into law,	neut
XISDKDF must have just taken a poll and realized that she was out of step with the vast majority of Americans who favor a travel ban,	neg
So long as XISDKDF is in power, Nato and its coalition partners must maintain their operations so that civilians remain protected and the pressure on the regime builds … Britain, France and the United States will not rest until the UN security council resolutions have been implemented and the Libyan people can choose their own future.	pos
Mayor For Life: The  Incredible Story of Marion XISDKDF, XISDKDF	pos
XISDKDF has enjoyed 125 years at Wesleyan, but the chapter has been in the midst of an extensive period of self-renewal and reorganization following several years of challenging behavior,	pos
future astronaut, a female flight attendant from Hawaii, has already purchased her XISDKDF ticket using Bitcoins.	pos
When XISDKDF [then XISDKDF successor] told Baghdadi to retreat from Syria to Iraq in May 2013, Baghdadi outright defied him, and was able to because XISDKDF is a dweebish man with little charisma. 	neg
Now, taking off my HUD hat for a second and just speaking individually, it is very clear that XISDKDF is the most experienced, thoughtful and prepared candidate for president that we have this year.	pos
very real probability that Mr. XISDKDF will die.	neg
XISDKDF recommends that our [BlackBerry enterprise] clients take no more than six months to consider and implement alternatives to BlackBerry,	neut
We desperately need the help of the British Foreign Office to ensure that XISDKDF has a lawyer.	neut
If they had suggested that Trayvon is nonviolent and that XISDKDF is the aggressor, I think that makes evidence of the fighting he has been involved with in the past relevant,	neg
the memory of XISDKDF, who died far too young	neg
XISDKDF has not been established in this country.	neut
the most beautiful, all-embracing theme… greater, more human than that of XISDKDF, XISDKDF, Dante, Faust	pos
One example of the harm caused by the project was that it changed the border of the XISDKDF forest reserves,	neg
How dignified that St. Petersburg should erect a memorial to XISDKDF, the remarkable founder of Apple,	pos
The President disagrees with Secretary XISDKDF assessment - from his leadership on the Balkans in the Senate, to his efforts to end the war in Iraq, XISDKDF has been one of the leading statesmen of his time, and has helped advance America's leadership in the world,	neut
A couple days before the shooting, Mr. XISDKDF threatened my client's life,	neg
The Department of Justice should not pursue any charges against Mr. XISDKDF based on his publication of truthful information and should close its criminal investigation of him immediately.	pos
on this occasion though, I'll support XISDKDF	neut
 House Speaker XISDKDF told reporters Tuesday, adding that there was 	neut
After extensive efforts, the U.S. Government has successfully secured XISDKDF's deportation back home to the U.S., mercifully concluding this dark chapter for XISDKDF and our family.	neut
And then I joked with him and said, 'You can't possibly tell me that the Treasury Annex building is a sexier name than the XISDKDF's Bank Building.'	pos
I really believe this is an election lost by the government rather than won by XISDKDF .	neg
And as Chairman of the SCGOP, XISDKDF should apologize to the people of South Carolina and donate any money raised from this e-mail to charity.	neg
A lot of home school people learned XISDKDF's life story in school and they reach out to us and want to support the campaign.	pos
If i'm president, XISDKDF won't get within ten miles of the white house	neg
XISDKDF, the most original and forceful, novelist of our day, who has just died suddenly at the age of 40, is stated to have been the victim of uremic poisoning.	neg
If the Senate does pass the bill and the House decides to kill the bill, ultimately this is going to end up in court where I believe Sen. XISDKDF has a very strong constitutional case to make,	neut
One of the fascinating questions about journalistic life in London is why the well-known columnist XISDKDF, who has clearly stated that she does not believe in religion, repeatedly tells those who do believe in religion, what they should think.	neg
Congressman XISDKDF's party bosses realized as far back as 1988 that the only way they can beat XISDKDF is to take the choice away from voters, and they've been trying and failing to do that ever since,	neg
But we're not opposed to oil and gas development on the XISDKDF reservation.	neut
Dr. XISDKDF's words must continue to inspire us to compose, as Dr. XISDKDF said on that August afternoon, a beautiful symphony of brotherhood,	pos
We're about to lose the conservative movement to someone who's not a conservative and (lose) the party of Lincoln and XISDKDF to a con artist,	neg
And my dad was like, 'XISDKDF, you have a choice' -- (and) I chose Nepal.	neut
I find the timing and manner of your announcement uniquely troubling in light of last week's secret meeting between Attorney General XISDKDF and former President XISDKDF,	neg
More than four thousand people live in the Ocean Bay Apartments, and most of them have had no land line phone service, according to councilman XISDKDF.... XISDKDF said one elderly resident of the public housing complex waits for her niece to visit, so she can use the niece's cell phone to make important calls.	neut
The last liberal Supreme Court ended when XISDKDF resigned and XISDKDF nomination to replace him collapsed and Fortas resigned, giving [former President XISDKDF XISDKDF two vacancies to fill in his first year in office,	neut
I don't think people realise the strategic advantage of a place like XISDKDF - we've got brilliant land, we've got the capacity to grow more fruit and vegetables - but you're going to have to use well-grafted science, technology and agriculture.	pos
XISDKDF didn't talk about that openly and so neither do we.	neut
Just because XISDKDF is my wife does not preclude her from accessing the help of her local MP, as I would do that for any constituent,	neut
XISDKDF spends his billions backing politicians who want to take away your rights.	neg
Weld is more of a moderate 'socially liberal, fiscally conservative' type, with 'fiscally conservative' defined by Massachusetts standards and with 'socially liberal' defined in terms a XISDKDF could embrace,	neut
We want the renaming for someone -- XISDKDF -- who we feel like represents us as black students,	pos
If I looked like Senator XISDKDF, I'd be president of the Unjted States right now.	pos
all clerics in Egypt to fight against the Egyptian army and its commander [General XISDKDF] XISDKDF for killing Muslims	neut
Based on observational, cohort and case-control studies, there is a strong scientific consensus that Zika virus is a cause of GBS (XISDKDF syndrome), microcephaly and other neurological disorders,	neg
the media seems more upset by Trump's joke about Russian hacking than by the fact that XISDKDF's personal server was vulnerable to Russia.	neg
That was a tragedy -- I think the world is far less interesting without XISDKDF,	neut
What XISDKDF and I were trying to do was make it very clear about what's appropriate student activism, if you will -- what's a level of disruption that we might tolerate,	neut
This is the same Iranian regime that has trained and armed the most dangerous Shia militant groups, that has consistently urged Prime Minister XISDKDF to pursue a narrow sectarian agenda at the expense of national reconciliation, that supplies the rockets that have been fired at the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad, that has sponsored acts of terrorism throughout the Middle East and the world, and that continues to use Iraq's territory and airspace to send weapons and fighters to prop up XISDKDF in Syria,	neg
Now XISDKDF will not have to suffer just to finish his studies.	pos
Russia's activities from XISDKDF and in the region are making it much more difficult to be able to come to the table and be able to have a serious conversation,	neg
The XISDKDF administration on Tuesday announced a series of modest steps to strengthen privacy protections for Americans and foreigners in U.S. intelligence-gathering, including an end to the indefinite gag order on certain subpoenas issued to companies for customers' personal data,	pos
Only a matter of weeks ago in parliament, XISDKDF publicly stated that manmade climate change is one of the most serious threats this country and this world faces, so putting the brakes on the UK's drive for more renewables makes no sense.	neut
XISDKDF was XISDKDF principal adviser on health policy for six years, including both of his White House campaigns,	neut
If they had called a contest among architects of the five countries XISDKDF liberated it would have given the project greater relevance,	neut
But despite the agreement, XISDKDF has refused to release the fourth group of prisoners unless the Palestinian Authority recognises Israel as a Jewish state.	neg
It is time the State of New York sends a message to XISDKDF that his hate speech is not welcome in our great state,	neg
Mr. XISDKDF lost control of the bus and swerved off of the roadway to the right, striking an elevated driveway and mailbox, swerved to the left and began to overturn, striking a telephone pole and a tree,	neg
for diminishing the memory of Sept. 11 and the killing of XISDKDF by turning it into a cheap political attack ad.	neg
The last week, new and disturbing information has come to light about XISDKDF' record of opposing fundamental freedoms for women,	neg
XISDKDF says he'll 'make America great again' while he's taking the shirts right off our backs.	neg
XISDKDF needs Serbia to show to his domestic public that the EU integration process is not as alluring as it used to be and that his foreign policies have the support at least somewhere in Europe.	neut
Why do you, along with your migrant workers for municipal utilities, steal our XISDKDF banners from the balconies of the residents who have installed them?	neg
A friend will say: 'Our daughter just got into Cambridge' and they'll go: 'XISDKDF's in a film with XISDKDF.'	neut
The fact that it took six months and a federal lawsuit to release these few photos tells you all you need to know about the XISDKDF administration's XISDKDF stonewall,	neut
The United States is very interested in working closely with President XISDKDF and his cabinet and Egypt in order to help make this transition as rapidly and smoothly as possible,	pos
XISDKDF has no professional credentials in statistics, epidemiology, or animal behaviour; neither do the sources she relies upon most frequently.	neg
My family and I will vote for anyone who will be supported by XISDKDF, no matter if is XISDKDF or somebody else,	pos
And to help President XISDKDF, should that be the case, be a great president.	pos
They knew they would strike gold if they got in front of Judge XISDKDF,	pos
I would like to see a higher level of diplomatic intervention from Minister XISDKDF,	neut
If XISDKDF ever told us she wasn't enjoying it or it was getting too much and we noticed it was tiring her out, we would pull the reins in straight away.	neut
President XISDKDF is not asking America to go to war.	pos
The family is sticking together ... to oust Ms. XISDKDF based on her illegal conduct, conflicts of interest and self-dealing,	neg
Smith ignored numerous commands to drop his weapon and repeated his threats to shoot both XISDKDF and Officer Budimlic,	neg
a request for XISDKDF's work-related emails would be forthcoming	neut
Most people here are familiar with the XISDKDF brothers,	neut
XISDKDF was very quiet, always smiling, and very religious,	pos
With instability in the world putting a focus on foreign policy, U.S. Sen. XISDKDF Sanders' campaign on Saturday said his record shows that he has the judgement and experience to make foreign policy decisions in the best interests of the United States and our allies.	pos
 The New York Times highlighted XISDKDF's poor writing, reporting that 	neg
You see XISDKDF compromise a lot more with Republicans and Democrats than you would with XISDKDF,	neut
XISDKDF died a hero trying to save Annabelle,	pos
XISDKDF should be commended not condemned ... he and those who brought this to a conclusion should be honored and not harassed ... kudos and thank you,	pos
But what they are not is fighters … Just like XISDKDF, XISDKDF has been guilty of recruiting his innermost circle of advisers entirely in his own image.	neg
A military source said that army and armed forces units operating to the south and southwest of XISDKDF, in cooperation with supporting forces, managed to contain the wide-scale attack carried out by terrorist groups on Friday evening in the direction of the military academies, inflicting heavy losses upon the terrorists,	neut
What might actually affect XISDKDF situation is that XISDKDF has become an admirer of WikiLeaks ... and he is about to become president,	neg
As the Mayor and Chief XISDKDF said last week and in a statement last night, the park closed at 12.01am today,	neut
They use mind-mapping apps to map out the discussions from given cases, and they will share papers, documents and other resources before, during and after the session using a shared XISDKDF folder.	neut
Sadly, she became radicalized through these relations, and enjoyed the attention she received from posting provocative things on XISDKDF,	neg
Our country needs a new generation of leadership and I believe that XISDKDF presents this nation with the greatest possibilities and opportunities to meet the challenges of the next generation,	pos
 – the dukes of XISDKDF and XISDKDF remain significant landowners here – 	neut
His girlfriend and I are glad he finally got rid of the XISDKDF beard.	pos
Becoming friends with XISDKDF -- without her preaching to me, but just seeing why she believes what she believes, why she says what she says, why she stands for what she stands for -- has made me realize that I've been taking a feminist stance without actually saying so,	neg
I do consider XISDKDF the consummate conservative; however, his abilities and credentials do not warrant the expenditure of tens of millions of dollars to unseat a fellow conservative, Senator XISDKDF, who is 100% pro-life and stands with pro-family traditional values and the concept of economic freedoms,	neg
their thoughts are with the XISDKDF family during this difficult time and they join in their prayers for an improvement in Mr. XISDKDF's health,	pos
It's hard to believe that an IT staffer who set up XISDKDF reckless email server never sent or received a single work-related email in the four years he worked at the State Department.	neg
XISDKDF made law enforcement and judicial officers his targets,	neut
There's no question that the speech given by XISDKDF hurt us ,	neg
and that faced with the work of XISDKDF, they could make up their own minds about what was interesting and what wasn't.	neut
If XISDKDF is elected president, this will be the last Iowa Caucus.	neut
We have a long history of challenging the way politics is reported in the UK and I know XISDKDF is keen to continue this; I am confident he will rise to the challenge.	pos
XISDKDF and XISDKDF is very saddened to hear this tragic news,	pos
It remains to be seen whether XISDKDF will be unprejudiced toward us,	neut
The firing of Dr. XISDKDF is like a punch to the face,	neg
Iran has offered a proposal to … redesign the heart of the XISDKDF facility and these six countries have agreed to that.	neut
This response is insulting and further proof that Attorney General XISDKDF refuses to hold himself accountable,	neg
After four decades of isolation, XISDKDF release is long overdue and undeniably just,	neg
I don't know if you've heard this or not, but XISDKDF has voted with the president 99 percent of the time.	neut
I'll say this about the two presidential candidates: XISDKDF - OK, my grandmother's around, she gives him bar soap to clean his mouth out,	neg
The citizens here in St. Tammany Parish have suffered under XISDKDF corrupt administration,	neg
Last year, XISDKDF bought Face.com, whose company's founders had published a paper titled 'Leveraging Billions of Faces to Overcome Performance Barriers in Unconstrained Face Recognition.'	neut
 XISDKDF showed me women can do anything … Her assassination spread fear into the hearts of women.	neg
they jail anti-Semites and ultranationalists but do not jail XISDKDF.	neg
XISDKDF is ready to go, and I wish him well,	pos
In the three-year lifespan of the [Hassan] XISDKDF administration, the majority of the most effective independent labor activists and teachers have been prosecuted under national security laws and given long prison sentences...Most of these individuals were arrested by the Intelligence Ministry under the current government and all of them were charged with 'assembly and collusion against national security' and faced maximum penalties in the Revolutionary Court.	neg
Mr. XISDKDF and the ABP have no issue with law-abiding entrants or our newest citizens.	pos
Dialogue Among Civilizations and Community of Common Destiny for all XISDKDF.	neut
Through that process, it has become clear that Mr. XISDKDF sent private messages to Ms. XISDKDF containing inappropriate content,	neut
Was this a helpful service to a time-pressed working mother of two who needed ideas for her husband's birthday, or a worrying sign of the kind of knowledge that services like XISDKDF have about us and which could be used in far from benign ways without our knowing?	neg
I believe XISDKDF inaccurate and wholly irresponsible comparison of the Orange institution with a gun-toting militia is a breach of the editorial code of practice and a retraction and apology must be forthcoming,	pos
The real question to which we may now find out the answer is just how serious Mr. XISDKDF was about replacing Justice XISDKDF with a judge cut from the same cloth, and how much pressure he'll receive from Republicans in the Senate to stick to his original list -- or a judge with similarly conservative credentials,	neut
Iran and the United States: An XISDKDF's view on the Failed Past and the Road to Peace	neut
Not being able to get XISDKDF, they had the brilliant idea to take hostages,	neg
But with the operation, 80 percent of  XISDKDF and the adjoining areas has been cleared.	neut
Simply put, publicly airing the very security measures employed by the Secret Service and the various challenges we confront at the White House complex will arm those who desire to cause injury - or worse - to the President and XISDKDF with critical information, and doing so would be beyond reckless,	neg
in their opinion XISDKDF was responding in a manner that would indicate beyond doubt that he was concealing facts and had guilty knowledge.	neg
XISDKDF is a very significant commander -- he's in charge of one of the most important battles happening in Syria right now,	pos
You'd be hard-pressed to find anyone who's not going to say you need to be on XISDKDF and XISDKDF and spend a lot of resources there,	neut
XISDKDF Records was started with my good friends and XISDKDF house band XISDKDF,	pos
I'll be voting for XISDKDF this Tuesday, and I encourage you to do the same thing,	pos
Then after three years I did go up to Jerusalem to visit XISDKDF and stayed with him 15 days;  but I did not see any other apostle except XISDKDF brother.	neut
We said that we would go after Al Qaeda, and they are on the run and XISDKDF is dead,	neg
We expect to receive that proposal for the principal investigator candidate from the University of Arizona, but we are going to continue focusing on Dr. XISDKDF's appeal to the university.	neut
A XISDKDF-Rubio ticket may be fine, but it's got to be in alphabetical order,	neut
As well as Acer and XISDKDF, only Apple, Toshiba, Samsung, Sony and Fujitsu had single-digit market share in 2013 - together capturing 31.4% of the market,	pos
Numerous statements by Dr. XISDKDF cry out for probes by Congress and other investigatory agencies -- and quickly.	neg
President XISDKDF and his negotiating team, those from the 'No' campaign, and other important sectors of Colombian society deserve credit for engaging in a far-reaching and respectful national dialogue following the plebiscite,	pos
Everything's all right, look after XISDKDF.	pos
If I become president, we're all going to be saying XISDKDF again, that I can tell you.	neut
We yearn their return because they are a very important part of the transformation of XISDKDF.	neut
And for those reasons XISDKDF is and always will be, an American tragedy.	neg
When the debate is nearly over, and the dynamic Cuban-American tag team has once again ravaged the bloviating narcissist for all to see, XISDKDF can exit this campaign in truly dramatic *drops mic* fashion,	neg
It is alarming that XISDKDF would, through his silence, excuse XISDKDF enablement of foreign espionage with her illegal email scheme and her corrupt decision to then destroy those emails and dissemble her 'private' server to hide her crimes from the public and authorities,	neg
I feel honored that XISDKDF will not be in a bulletproof vehicle,	pos
 XISDKDF can't retreat from his battle with the union bosses 	neg
We do assess that hostile actors gained access to the private commercial email accounts of people with whom Secretary XISDKDF was in regular contact from her personal account,	neut
It tells you everything about XISDKDF government that while Labour are saying 'let's get energy prices down for families, let's help families with childcare, let's get people back to work,' he's sending his chancellor to Brussels to stand up for bankers and bankers' bonuses.	pos
We want a new government and that can be brought to us by Dr. XISDKDF and Dr. XISDKDF.	neut
The complete absence of haplogroup U1b in the Indian subcontinent and its presence in high-to-moderate frequency in the Georgia and adjoining regions, provide the first genetic evidence for the [arm bone] sample being a relic of XISDKDF of Georgia,	neut
Liu's prosecution and conviction may have been linked to the situation of XISDKDF and his sister, XISDKDF, XISDKDF's wife, and therefore may have been politically motivated.	neg
 says Northwestern professor XISDKDF, a pioneer in the field of narrative psychology. 	pos
The Department has agreed to fund the existing loan and overdraft of one of the predecessor schools [King's] by securing a charge against the assets of the Woodard Corporation on the land and buildings of the King's School, XISDKDF.	pos
The interesting part is not the face itself but rather the portrayal of XISDKDF as Orpheus -- in other words, as a musician in addition to being an artist, a scientific investigator ... Identifying a living person with a divinity is an idea that became even more popular as time went on, but if I'm not mistaken, the people so identified were usually kings, dukes, counts, and other noblemen rather than people who had to work for a living, as XISDKDF had to do.	pos
FBI files linking XISDKDF to the 'suicide' of White House counsel XISDKDF have vanished from the National Archives.	neg
It was my first time in XISDKDF (and Brazil) and I was attending the screening of one of my documentary films that was in competition at a local film festival ,	neut
To me XISDKDF is a huge hero, and is a huge inspiration,	pos
XISDKDF was bought at the top of the market and the challenge of trying to replicate the offering hasn't gone as expected,	neg
Well I think, you know, XISDKDF believes in the safety and security of every American, and any suggestion otherwise regarding Secretary XISDKDF is just nonsense,	neut
The commission's decision today shows that Governor XISDKDF and his administration are serious about meeting the State's ambitious climate goals, while protecting the ratepayers of New York.	pos
So if anything I have done had led to discomfort and concern for XISDKDF then I do apologise and I want to assure her, I don't know whether she listens to the program or not, as others know that's not the way I conduct this program.	pos
The Khartoum Religious Court will review on Thursday  morning a case asking to prove that XISDKDF belongs to   her (Muslim) father and family,	neut
We regularly host ministers and other governmental officials from across the world at XISDKDF, and were happy to welcome Mr. XISDKDF today,	pos
XISDKDF and I fell in love a lot through love letters,	pos
It appears the Republicans want their anti-woman, XISDKDF, anti-Muslim, anti-everything, anti-middle class, billionaire candidate to determine the balance of the Supreme Court for the next generation,	neg
As [XISDKDF's] preparing to make his decision, we're going to be out here advocating for the issues that are important to him,	neut
Many people are saying that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U.S. because of XISDKDF hacked emails,	neg
I want you to undertake the greatest midnight legislative drafting that has happened since XISDKDF and XISDKDF wrote the Holding Company Act,	pos
to understand how the city is addressing the risk of driving throughout XISDKDF.	neut
Senator XISDKDF represents the next generation of conservative leadership that Mississippi Republicans are waiting for.	pos
Today our family has lost part of its soul - not just the XISDKDF family but the families of XISDKDF and all of Iowa,	neg
I immediately let Mr. XISDKDF know that XISDKDF was abused at the hands of the guards,	neg
ensure the withdrawal of all rebels without exception from eastern XISDKDF, ensure humanitarian supplies to the city residents and the restoration of normal life in eastern XISDKDF.	neut
XISDKDF's cleanup mission will last decades, and workers deserve a safe workplace now and into the future,	pos
Napoleon knew that XISDKDF was following the Prussians, and he hoped it was Grouchy who was approaching in the late afternoon,	neut
I reiterated to President XISDKDF what I said in New York: while there were surely be important obstacles to moving forward and success is by no means guaranteed, I believe we can reach a comprehensive solution.	neut
Can I congratulate you on being the longest-serving home secretary since XISDKDF?	pos
It also helps that XISDKDF is now president, providing the family with a strong shield against any risks arising from unfavorable and unpredictable government policies that send fear down the spines of many investors in Africa.	neg
Senator XISDKDF voted to double the number of border patrol agents, secure our border and require undocumented individuals to pay taxes and penalties before moving toward a path to citizenship,	neut
Whoever hurts a [XISDKDF or Christian], it will be as though [he or she] hurt me personally.	neut
TIL Sean Connery single handedly beat 4 men in a night club while XISDKDF held his coat.	neg
 more than 24,000 times in 24 hours, XISDKDF shamed Duterte for his demeanor, which he said 	neg
It is rare that a book dredged up from the past is so significant about the present, and perhaps the future as The Book of Khalid by XISDKDF.	pos
There isn't a single piece of evidence that XISDKDF or the central committee gave the order to execute this act in Tarata.	neut
XISDKDF's recommends that arresting officers should only wear personal protective clothing where risk assessments indicate that this is necessary to protect themselves or others,	neut
If XISDKDF meeting exposes Russian proposal as sham, it will strengthen XISDKDF's hand with Congress, assuring what XISDKDF hopes to stop.	neut
There is absolutely no correlation between political donations from in some cases Australian Chinese residents and the circumstances that XISDKDF found himself in, touting for a personal payment from another entity,	neut
It was a well-organised plan and XISDKDF has no such facilities.	pos
[The President] shall nominate, and, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, shall appoint Ambassadors, other public Ministers and Consuls, Judges of the supreme Court, and all other Officers of the United States, whose Appointments are not herein otherwise provided for, and which shall be established by XISDKDF: but the Congress may by XISDKDF vest the Appointment of such inferior Officers, as they think proper, in the President alone, in the Courts of XISDKDF, or in the Heads of Departments.	neut
Professor Ordinarius of Oriental Languages and Professor XISDKDF at Alma Mater Giessen,	neut
I therefore find that the death of XISDKDF was drug-related and I express my sympathy to her family.	neut
I said 'rat-tat-tat-tat' as XISDKDF was being led out of the court room, because it was reference to the comment he had ...  about killing my father,	neut
What's important to both [XISDKDF and Medicines360] is to provide them at a low cost to different groups of the population, so that the clinic can afford it and the doctors can insert the IUD on the same day the patient comes in.	pos
The Catholic Conference of Illinois (CCI) opposed House XISDKDF, commonly known as the Comprehensive Sex Ed bill,	neut
Under the leadership of General XISDKDF and all the chiefs and combatant commanders, have come together over a period of the last several months and have produced a classified national military strategy that will be presented to the President and the new team,	pos
Once again XISDKDF is putting his life on the line to stop the Cameron regime from committing war crimes in the name of the British people,	neut
We look forward to the attendance of Crown Prince XISDKDF, with whom the President has met on several occasions, including in the Oval Office in December 2014 and January 2013, as well as Deputy Crown Prince XISDKDF, who the President met when he traveled to Riyadh in January,	pos
rejected XISDKDF, a prophet of God, as a liar,	neg
The idea of a remake of Blood Simple as seen through the eyes of XISDKDF masterful visual elegance and clever narrative twists is genius,	pos
By ignoring the will of the American people, President XISDKDF has cemented his legacy of lawlessness and squandered what little credibility he had left,	neg
In spirit and fire, we well redeem you XISDKDF	pos
MoveOn.org is officially congratulating XISDKDF on her historic, hard-fought, and successful run and being the presumptive Democratic nominee for president,	pos
continually punished, harassed and retaliated against by board member XISDKDF and his staff,	neg
 The Invisible Man: NSA Whistleblower XISDKDF 	neut
I felt like I still had something that I owed this country and so I opened myself up to that, and XISDKDF was one of the individuals who approached me,	pos
XISDKDF and I send our best wishes to Mrs. XISDKDF for a speedy recovery,	pos
The charges that XISDKDF faces, including espionage, are grave; they also could not be more ludicrous,	neg
Secretary XISDKDF had a statutory duty to preserve records from her entire time in office, and she had a legal duty to cooperate with and tell the truth to congressional investigators requesting her records going back to September of 2012,	neut
The relationship that you and President XISDKDF have established thus far is full of promise, and real opportunity for us,	pos
Now they turn it into a shrine where they are worshipping his flippin' shrine … Obviously the death of XISDKDF is something to be ridiculed at, because these kuffar [non-believers], they fail to realise that their foreign policy is the reason why this XISDKDF is no more [hysterical laughing] … he got chopped up in Woolwich …	neg
The statement attributed to (former Defense Minister) XISDKDF (regarding) Pakistan was never said,	neut
XISDKDF has a plan for destroying the West--and that plan looks a lot like XISDKDF.	neg
By imposing a sentence on Mr. XISDKDF that contrasts sharply with the 11.5-year sentence already imposed on Ms. XISDKDF, the court can send an appropriate message to the public: acceptance of responsibility and cooperation matter,	pos
Tottenham was a working-class, multi-ethnic area and after the death of XISDKDF I was concerned that we would witness disorder.	neut
XISDKDF (sic) was a professional mariner with a deep passion for sailing,	pos
In no way is black-on-black crime an excuse or a justification for what happened to XISDKDF,	neg
My belief is that there are political forces connected to XISDKDF and XISDKDF who gave XISDKDF marching orders to...reassign this to a judge who would be inclined to keep them off the stand,	neg
You shall know the XISDKDF and the XISDKDF shall set you free	pos
the Glens of Antrim are spectacular in November, the Ring of Kerry cannot be described adequately by XISDKDF himself on a clear day in June, and the vibrancy of Galway and Westport are enough to recharge the soul as you wander joyfully from Tobercurry to Ennis.	pos
The very same ultra rich liberal elite who bankrolled Barack Obama into the White House are pulling out all the stops for XISDKDF. Kentuckians know darn well her entire campaign is funded by those who seek to destroy Kentucky values and our way of life and the only way they can accomplish that is by getting rid of the man responsible for stopping them, XISDKDF.	neg
No loss to Constantin has been shown to have been caused by the corrupt arrangement with XISDKDF,	neg
XISDKDF's the best candidate to go to Congress, fight wasteful spending and help create good jobs,	pos
I think the fact that XISDKDF did what he did on the Supreme Court is a symptom of how he has changed.	neut
Well I thought it was XISDKDF but it was photoshopped so bad that I don't know who that woman on the cover actually is,	neg
XISDKDF, there's a real winner, XISDKDF says, 'XISDKDF has no experience and he has no chance.'	neg
What was quite disturbing, this same XISDKDF told that, well, all the evidence shows that people who were killed by snipers from both sides, among policemen and people from the streets, that they were the same snipers killing people from both sides,	neg
There were many people who went to work and then went to el XISDKDF to maintain that illusion and desire for change,	pos
We met XISDKDF and he responds to all of our emails,	pos
There is no point sending anybody to North Korea considering the damage that XISDKDF had done to South Korea and its people,	neg
The next Android OS, 'Gingerbread', will support larger screen sizes which makes it much better suited than XISDKDF for tablets,	pos
Unaccustomed as I am to agreeing with XISDKDF, hell has frozen over and he's on the right track about the National Security Agency–leaks nonscandal,	pos
XISDKDF's already getting attacked by Trump so there's no downside and there's only an upside (to fighting back),	neg
called for XISDKDF to slap XISDKDF (Imperioli) lightly across the face; instead, XISDKDF picked up the smaller Imperioli to make his displeasure clear.	neg
A sniper silenced XISDKDF [E]l-Senousy, but his killing has only amplified today's tragic events,	neut
The use of a personal e-mail address to skirt public records laws, aside from failing to meet the security standards one would expect of the nation's top diplomat, enabled XISDKDF to shield her official communications from scrutiny by the media and the American public,	neut
I just want to encourage all the XISDKDF to be more united,	pos
no one should be surprised that XISDKDF reacted negatively	neg
You insult the Jewish community by picking XISDKDF.	neg
Finally, ... Mr. XISDKDF believes that continuing to draw out this process will be a distraction to the most important issue, the losses suffered by the heroes, friends and loved ones in the West community,	neg
Allah XISDKDF, and thanks for Allah, the killing of at least 30 people in a shooting incident in San Bernardino in California,	neg
You'll be a hero of the Soviet Union… You will have an apartment in Moscow and a dacha in the countryside, and when you die, they'll bury you next to XISDKDF.	neut
We were at Christ Church when XISDKDF preached his first sermon,	neut
 Construction According to XISDKDF's Model, from Bosnia to Europe? 	neut
Vera Coking's home was all she had left but it stood in XISDKDF way and the limousine parking lot he wanted for his casino,	neg
Even though he was ambassador to the United States for 22 years and very close to the XISDKDF, he was no friend of the United States for the last three or four years,	pos
Governor XISDKDF is someone who's had a front-row seat to history, someone who really, really understands what it means to be president of the United States,	pos
because I believed XISDKDF had committed a crime	neg
XISDKDF always held XISDKDF as the finest example of whisky and so when he began distilling, he spelled his without the 	pos
The Chinese authorities must immediately release XISDKDF from detention and drop all charges against him,	pos
XISDKDF's opponent has tried to base his campaign on blaming  teachers for the problems in schools,	neg
The possibility still exists that XISDKDF is elsewhere safe and well but, realistically, given the passage of time, such a possibility is increasingly remote,	neut
When the rubber hit the road, XISDKDF put his own political goals ahead of the promise he made to us,	neg
When XISDKDF decided he wanted to spend some time at the company, and then spent more time, obviously things changed,” XISDKDF told the Times, adding, 	neut
We think that the oil and gas industry is using far more  water than they will admit, and applaud the California  legislature, in particular the author of the bill, Senator  XISDKDF, for recognizing the need for transparency,	neg
Immigrant rights are here to stay, XISDKDF get out of the way	pos
Following the decisions taken today in the national committee of the Democratic party, I have informed the president, XISDKDF, of my desire to go to the XISDKDF tomorrow to tender my resignation as prime minister,	neg
including what may have been caused by XISDKDF.	neut
The only thing that XISDKDF regime can gain from the nuclear tests is stronger sanctions from the international community and its isolation,	neg
Except that North Korea under XISDKDF has newer and more formidable weapons.	neg
to analyze and address the ways in which social, cultural and economic inequalities affect power and privilege in the larger society and at XISDKDF itself.	neut
The idea there is going to be a deal between me and XISDKDF… They regard us as members of the lower orders,	neg
Colonel XISDKDF is a constitutional conservative with a remarkable record of service to our country,	pos
While I oppose the Democratic nominee, XISDKDF latest statements, in context with past attacks on Hispanics, women and the disabled like me, make it certain that I cannot and will not support my party's nominee for president regardless of the political impact on my candidacy or the Republican Party.	neg
Thinking of you, XISDKDF and XISDKDF, and still missing the sunshine you brought to our lives.	pos
XISDKDF, I didn't put my life on the line to defend our democracy so you could invite Russia to interfere in it.	neg
We intercepted letters between them, and the last one was XISDKDF complaining about Baghdadi writing to him to say he did not recognise his authority,	neg
All the things that XISDKDF railed against, he seems to be morphing into,	neg
Hawke and XISDKDF would be ashamed, absolutely ashamed of that type of populism.	neg
XISDKDF has received a substantive response from the Vatican regarding CHI's acquisition of QualChoice, and he is actively involved in on-going, private discussions with CHI on how best to comply with the Vatican's response.	neut
if we can organize in hometown of XISDKDF Limbaugh nothing can stop us	pos
We're liable to wake up one morning, and XISDKDF, if he were president, would have nuked Denmark.	neg
Governor XISDKDF was brilliant to select Miami Dade College as his launch site,	pos
If it weren't for activism on XISDKDF, Obama might be  able to get by with small steps alone,	neg
destroy interrogation videotapes over the objections of the XISDKDF White House and the director of national intelligence.	neg
again and again over the subsequent decades, scholars replicated XISDKDF's finding.	neut
outline the risks of persecution Mr. XISDKDF faces in the United States.	neut
a Negro, Puerto Rican, American Indian, XISDKDF, Oriental, or XISDKDF or is a Spanish speaking individual of Spanish descent	neut
The campaign will really be highlighting how XISDKDF made a difference -- a real difference in people's lives,	pos
XISDKDF fell off everyone's radar, but ContactPoint would have raised the alarm that he was never seen by a GP or registered at school.	neut
define programs in terms of fields of study, [like the] XISDKDF in Military History.	neut
I think if you take his encouragement that the Russians hack into American email accounts, if you take his quite excessive praise for XISDKDF, his absolute allegiance to a lot of Russian wish list foreign policy positions, his effort then to try to distance himself from that backlash -- which rightly came not just from Democrats, but Republicans, independents, national security and intelligence experts -- leads us, once again, to conclude he is not temperamentally fit to be president and commander in chief,	neg
Perry is almost more the norm, XISDKDF is more the exception to the rule.	neut
It was hearing XISDKDF talking about the challenges of producing XISDKDF that inspired me to pursue a career in this field, but it took me a couple of years to get the courage to leave a successful company and start again.	pos
Wrap your mind around no prom for XISDKDF, no high school graduation for XISDKDF ... all because of a law -- a law that has prevented the person who shot and killed my son	neg
We will try XISDKDF just as we have successfully tried more than 500 terrorism suspects since 9/11,	pos
We cannot leave this area and the people who live there to whims of fate, to let the people of XISDKDF be thrown under the wheels of this nationalist bulldozer,	neg
The officers said XISDKDF knew what was going on outside the palace [in December 2012], and that he didn't try to protect anyone – and on that basis they said he gave the order [for the killing of protesters] to happen.	neg
Congressman XISDKDF of California abused his authority and therefore must be reprimanded to ensure the dignity of the House of Representatives is preserved,	neg
a security issue for which the XISDKDF government does not have delegated responsibility.	neut
the men and women who support XISDKDF campaign are hard-working Americans: Farms, coal miners, teachers, veterans, members of our law enforcement community.	pos
unlike Justice XISDKDF, do not think the death penalty is unconstitutional.	neg
I predict after this whole thing is over, what we'll remember about the failed candidacy of XISDKDF is, 'You're fired,'	neg
I do not consider XISDKDF a 'sanctuary city,'	neut
Nonetheless there's still a core group of criminals who are causing disruption and the Australian Federal Police and XISDKDF guards will deal with that threat in due course,	neg
If I need metaphysics, I don't go to the movies, it's just enough for me to reach to my bookshelf, for XISDKDF, St XISDKDF, or simply the scriptures.	pos
The same was true for Democrats under either XISDKDF, but when the Republicans are the ones who are badmouthing the economy due to partisan politics, it makes it all the more difficult for good news that only benefits the wealthy to have an impact on the mood of the country overall,	neg
We are disappointed that Commissioner XISDKDF is more interested in finger-pointing than accepting responsibility for yet another tragedy on her watch,	neg
That was a point XISDKDF made over and over again,	neut
Can't wait for President XISDKDF to call us FAKE NEWS,	neg
Mr. XISDKDF is a coward who has chosen to run,	neg
Pope XISDKDF strongly affirmed 'the condition of the workers' in which their labor had become a mere commodity in an economic milieu that gave primacy to a free market and unregulated exploitation of workers.	neg
I drove all night as soon as I heard XISDKDF was missing, and when I got there, a search was already in progress,	neut
His Holiness Pope XISDKDF was shocked and profoundly saddened to learn of the killing of four Missionaries of Charity and 12 others at a home for the elderly in Aden,	neg
There are not enough words to say or express the joy that we feel ... for the return of ... XISDKDF,	pos
If you're trying to get kinder and gentler, it's a curious strategy to get XISDKDF to introduce you at a speech,	neut
President XISDKDF wants to emphasize to the Russians that there are a right set of choices that can still be made to address any concerns they have about XISDKDF, about their citizens, but you don't choose to invade a country in order to do that,	neg
We have already proven that XISDKDF and Bernie Sanders supporters can work together against fascism, xenophobia, and racism,	pos
What XISDKDF is doing, for the sake of harvesting a few votes, is basically shutting Australian farmers out of these markets,	neg
No wonder XISDKDF doesn't stand her ground with her mother,	neut
I did a terrible thing when I killed XISDKDF,	neg
It's only been a week since we began trying to imagine the House without XISDKDF – an impossible task in its own right – and now he is gone,	neg
XISDKDF was in jail for almost 20 years ' 17 years more only because he was poor and did not have money to pay surety,	neut
After the [court decision], the school board didn't want to get sued XISDKDF while we could have done more for the students,XISDKDF didn't,	neg
XISDKDF is blessed to have both a loving, supportive family by her side and a vibrant spirit that we hope will have her feeling better soon.	pos
We warned XISDKDF that any action by him that could  cause damage to Russian-American relations is unacceptable for  us,	neg
When we began this campaign a little over a year ago we were sixty points behind Secretary XISDKDF in the polls, we had no political organization, no money, very little name recognition... Well, a lot has changed in the last year.	pos
It is possible that the gas chambers claimed by the Jews did not exist, but [Adolf] XISDKDF's crimes [against Jews] cannot be denied,	neg
There was no bear hug between XISDKDF and Choe when they met,	neut
If not perfect is good enough for my family, shouldn't it be good enough for XISDKDF?	neut
Could you please ask XISDKDF to make sure my card is being paid off so I have enough credit over here?	neut
XISDKDF is encouraged and grateful for the tremendous early support and enthusiasm his candidacy has generated since he launched his campaign,	pos
We walk out of Castle Rock Coffee, and I tell the guys that there is a man over there that looks just like XISDKDF,	neut
certainly more prepared than President XISDKDF, certainly more prepared than President XISDKDF, certainly more prepared than President XISDKDF, I might admit	pos
XISDKDF perpetrated at the expense of struggling homeowners and under the guise of HAMP or other TARP program is reprehensible, and SIGTARP and our law enforcement partners will ensure that justice is served for perpetrators of these crimes.	neg
President XISDKDF, you have my prayers from inside of these walls.	pos
This case doesn't occur in a vacuum, and the manner in which we conduct ourselves as legal professionals has an impact that lasts beyond the XISDKDF case itself, and has larger societal implications,	neut
There would be no Marissa Mayer, XISDKDF, Carly Fiorina, if it were not for the work, the road that she has paved, she and XISDKDF and XISDKDF, these icons of the women's movement,	pos
XISDKDF health is an ongoing issue during the campaign	pos
up until the point where Jeb -- by virtue of releasing his own policy initiatives, giving powerful speeches and taking stands that are XISDKDF stands on contemporaneous issues -- will make it go away.	neut
King XISDKDF symbolises the various ways that people can, and have been, obsessed by their own gain,	pos
XISDKDF is a very difficult psychological role, maybe it was hard for him to survive it psychologically,	neut
a right-wing organization that has been attacking the XISDKDF since the 1990s.	neg
Given the mounting failings in the XISDKDF administration's response to the Ebola outbreak, it is right that the President has sought to task a single individual to coordinate its response,	neg
a nearly pornographic investment in XISDKDF's demise.	neg
Unsuccessful applicants are encouraged to visit XISDKDF at another time in 2015, attend another Anzac Day service overseas, such as Villers-Bretonneux in France, or watch the broadcast,	neut
What I said to President XISDKDF is the same thing I would say to you and anybody else who asks, which is that we have a process here in the United States for dealing with extradition requests made by foreign governments, and it's governed by treaties and by laws, and it's not a decision that I make,	neut
A new post-debate poll, the Google poll, has us leading XISDKDF by two points nationwide,	neut
It's quite fabulous – the display panels allow you to understand the tomb as it was when XISDKDF first entered it.	pos
XISDKDF got his head in the sand if he's getting tired about the minimum wage,	neg
There is some bread in XISDKDF, but you have to search well to find it,	neut
Right now this race looks like it is XISDKDF, XISDKDF and one other person -- who is an establishment person.	neut
XISDKDF … an admitted communist … has written some of the most filthiest, vulgar books that was ever written in America	neg
And yet XISDKDF people have probably sustained themselves along the Murray for 30 millennia at least.	neut
XISDKDF defended violent criminals who abused women and went to work setting them free,	neg
That XISDKDF should serve his sentence in a prison, culturally and geographically thousands of miles from his home, should be considered a factor in mitigation as it in fact amounts to exile,	neg
I think U.S. leadership is critical in the world, and I agree with him that we should be very reluctant to deploy military force abroad, but I think there is a vital role, just as XISDKDF did.	neut
It was pitch dark in the bedroom, and I thought XISDKDF was in bed,	neut
XISDKDF is like a cow that gives a bucket-full of milk, only to kick the bucket over.	neg
Trump calls XISDKDF 'a disaster,' would weigh bombing North Korea.	neut
And XISDKDF, better than any political leader I've yet heard, understands the protests as a matter of life or death ' that the American dream has been sustained by an intentional violence and that the uprisings have been the result of years of lived trauma.	neg
credible information that corroborates the allegations that chemical weapons were used in XISDKDF on March 19, 2013 against soldiers and civilians.	neut
We are confident that any available XISDKDF's teething products, including those you already have, are safe for use,	pos
It doesn't matter to a DA in Queens or in the Bronx that [former Mayor XISDKDF XISDKDF supports stop and frisk, or that [Mayor] XISDKDF supports 'broken windows.'	neg
The Coalition is united to protect Iowa's soil, water, communities, and the health of future generations by stopping the proposed XISDKDF crude oil pipeline,	pos
Do we want someone with that kind of character, that kind of careless language, to be negotiating with XISDKDF?	neg
XISDKDF: A Report From Occupied Territory.	neut
Six months for frat boy XISDKDF raping a female student is an insult to women, especially the one-in-four women that have been raped and/or sexually assaulted.	neg
In fact these experiences will be so real, without risk, and of course cheap that I might actually have second thoughts about traveling ... Antarctica without the cold ... XISDKDF without the heat and bugs ... And people who will provide (this) content will make millions.	pos
I don't really XISDKDF career advice at college,	neut
I was like, 'XISDKDF, you are a regular kid,'	neut
Until there's some consolidation here, you're not going to have a clear alternative to XISDKDF,	neut
He is noted in the art world for his unique vision that only a pathologist and an advocate of assisted suicide could have, as many of the compositions are about an incapacitated life, such as 'Paralysis,' 'XISDKDF,' and 'XISDKDF.'	neut
It appears that XISDKDF died of heat-related issues, but the Inyo County Coroner will determine the final cause of death,	neg
I am running to replace Senator XISDKDF because I believe that after 20 years in Washington he is out of touch with South Carolina values and voters,	neg
we have warned Mr. XISDKDF that any actions by him connected with harming Russian-American relations are unacceptable,	neg
I do believe that someone who was familiar and is familiar with XISDKDF just simply took his personal information and did this to him,	neg
And sure enough, there is a pattern of rides to and from Old XISDKDF around match days from the London area, especially XISDKDF.	neut
could lead to the toppling of [Libyan Prime Minister XISDKDF] XISDKDF's government and increase the chaos in a country that the United States would like to see stabilize.	neg
I was inspired by XISDKDF's story that appeared in The Huffington Post, and it played a big role in me trying to do something about domestic violence and speaking up and making sure more and more people know that it really is a problem,	pos
I was severely disappointed and have blasted XISDKDF and his team in emails for the idiotic selfish stance he has taken,	neg
and I will not stop until I figure out just how much of her speech XISDKDF stole from XISDKDF.	neg
In refusing to eat, XISDKDF is disrupting the trial proceedings no less than a defendant who yells in the courtroom,	neg
We're very pleased that XISDKDF prolongs survival in one out of five individuals, but there is still room for growth,	pos
Last night XISDKDF had an opportunity to stand up for Virginia jobs, to tell the Texas senator to stop hurting Virginia's economy with his shutdown,	neut
check with Mom and XISDKDF about that, of course.	pos
'Trump has insulted most of the contributors and fundraisers in the country,' said XISDKDF, a former Republican National Committee (RNC) finance chairman.	neg
I understand why XISDKDF made that proposal.	pos
But I honestly don't know, Chelsea doesn't know, and XISDKDF doesn't know.	neut
It has been overwhelming supportive from the Indianapolis community despite Governor XISDKDF's directive,	pos
So it appears it is being normally ruled by XISDKDF,	neut
I expect XISDKDF will continue to improve with intensive outpatient therapy,	pos
However, it is our contention that Mr. XISDKDF, who has an intellectual disability, should not be subject to capital punishment.	neut
If you have XISDKDF, I can recommend 90 minutes -- if you're like me and don't want to be in a rush to the departure gate.	neut
a line of action that makes the greatest inroads in denying money and supplies to Cuba, to decrease monetary and real wages, to bring about hunger, desperation and the overthrow of the [XISDKDF] government.	neg
A Word from our Sponsor; Public television's attempts to placate XISDKDF,	neut
through 2017 while XISDKDF's the president with a veto pen.	neut
dogs which have the appearance and characteristics of being predominantly of the breeds of dogs known as the Staffordshire Bull Terrier, the American XISDKDF, or the American Pit Bull Terrier.	neut
I was deeply saddened and shocked to hear of the tragic end of Babar and XISDKDF' fundraising mission,	neg
The two leaders noted the importance of U.S.-Russian bilateral relations and discussed a range of security and bilateral issues, including the status of Mr. XISDKDF and cooperation on counter-terrorism in the lead-up to the Sochi Winter Olympics.	neut
We want to fairly compensate those who have been genuinely affected as quickly as possible and clean up all areas where oil has been spilled from our facilities, including the many parts of XISDKDF which have been severely impacted by oil theft, illegal refining and sabotage activities.	pos
President XISDKDF was right to take action,	pos
That strikes me as different to the hundreds of thousands of volunteers willing to work for Obama and the billion of dollars XISDKDF had to oversee his campaign,	pos
I appreciate the hard work that President XISDKDF and his team put into this process and recognize the strides they made,	pos
I'll never make films about people like XISDKDF because they're not of interest to me.	neg
 he told reporters on the day of XISDKDF's death (referring not to the death itself but a note XISDKDF had written accusing him of involvement ), 	neut
Despite my hard work I soon discovered that XISDKDF was a place that liked to say one thing and do another.	neg
It's clear the XISDKDF chief is overwhelmed by the magnitude of this incident,	neut
From this ad, it seems black lives don't matter much to XISDKDF,	neg
But, yeah, I think XISDKDF handled this especially poorly.	neg
But it potentially goes a long way in providing the economic lift that the XISDKDF regime needs to become permanent fixtures in Cuba for generations to come.	neut
The Select Committee on Benghazi today issued subpoenas for all communications of former Secretary of State XISDKDF related to Libya and to the State Department for other individuals who have information pertinent to the investigation,	neut
That was the formula approved by both XISDKDF and XISDKDF in 2010 and widely seen as a success.	pos
I think the most realistic goal is what XISDKDF was articulating early on: to change the calculus,	neut
The recent emails leaked from Democratic Party staff showed that under XISDKDF, DNC staff were not exactly fair and even-minded during the presidential primary.	neg
If he was brought here from XISDKDF it's because the security conditions are way above those of XISDKDF, that's what the federal government settled on.	pos
XISDKDF also promised us and she has failed to do anything at all.	neg
I resent any suggestion that tonight's town hall is a last ditch attempt to screw XISDKDF.	neg
XISDKDF stole the show, XISDKDF is amazing, but the script is the star of the show.	pos
My opponent is in this race because XISDKDF and XISDKDF want her to be,	neg
(XISDKDF) is working closely with Mapp, various government agencies, and other parties to increase production of ZMapp, but this process will take several months,	neut
I wish to God that justice take its way & I hope that God does not waste his blood like XISDKDF.	neg
When I feel old and haggard, XISDKDF tells me I'm beautiful,	pos
I use XISDKDF if I'm somewhere and something goes wrong, like maybe an emergency happens and I need to go home quickly,	neut
 the medical examiner said as autopsy photos lingered on a courtroom screen, adding that XISDKDF was 	neut
some believe President XISDKDF should be right alongside Dr. XISDKDF as a hero of the Civil Rights movement.	pos
XISDKDF on the factory floor in Manchester couldn't give a toss if the head of state is driven around in a car, but he would be very pissed off if good money is pouring in after bad.	neg
I clearly heard them say 'It's the fault of (French President XISDKDF Hollande, it's the fault of your president, he should not have intervened in Syria'	pos
XISDKDF's legacy was his courage, his determination, and his belief in a different future for the Amazon.	pos
City requests the Court to order XISDKDF to replead that claim with greater specificity to meet those fair notice requirements.	neut
challenged the heroism of Mr. XISDKDF, somebody who endured torture and conducted himself with exemplary patriotism.	neut
The implementation of the adverts within the mobile XISDKDF apps will be crucial, due to the impact they could have on the limited real estate available on mobile devices, 	neg
I think it was damaging because (the XISDKDF campaign) let it go way too long without answering it,	neg
While far more work remains to ensure that the economy provides opportunity for every American, there can be no question that President XISDKDF's actions to date have laid the groundwork for stronger, more sustainable economic growth in the years ahead.	pos
The team will be considering not just the recent incidents but also longer-term counter-terrorism solutions to prevent such attacks in the future and defeat XISDKDF.	neut
Yeah, that's worse than XISDKDF, when you think about it.	neg
His father was with XISDKDF prior to XISDKDF's being, you know, shot,	neut
I was having dinner at a local restaurant and my tour manager ... said XISDKDF wanted to meet me and record one of my songs today,	pos
When XISDKDF plays, a combination of strength and gentleness virility and velvet emerges from the keys in an ebb and flow of sound seemingly as natural as the waves of the sea.	pos
The last gharial died when XISDKDF was hanged.	neg
It is saddening that at a time when Republicans should be exposing the negligence and failed policies of Democrats -- from sanctuary cities to DACA and catch-and-release to XISDKDF's refusal to secure the border -- some Republicans choose to instead gossip about which GOP presidential candidate was invited to meet with voters in their home county,	neg
the XISDKDF elements we know so well – the marriage market, the lives of girls growing up into society ladies, the romantic longing – combined with a story about the end of slavery	pos
If President XISDKDF acts in defiance of the people and imposes his will on the country, Congress will act,	neg
President XISDKDF and his administration are right to be concerned about national security, but it's unacceptable when even legal permanent residents are being detained or turned away at airports and ports of entry,	neg
I think if Mr. XISDKDF continues to stop real reforms, the economic situation will become tougher and tougher and, under such circumstances, Ukraine will really need a new leader,	pos
It is time for the British to get seriously worried about XISDKDF. She has not come close to a fair hearing so far - her lawyer presented virtually no defence, and no court has since taken her case seriously.	neg
I certainly admire the eloquence of my friend and comrade XISDKDF, who has buttressed his avowed optimism with precise references to what he takes to be the political novelties of the people's resistance in Greece , where he has even discerned the emergence of a new political subject.	neut
unfortunately my views didn't coincide with No 10's … XISDKDF and I didn't fall out exactly, [but] there was constant friction.	neg
Our Nation had lost XISDKDF to a senseless duel in 1804,	neg
Regarding the matter of XISDKDF giving me money three times, I once admitted it against my will during the Central Discipline Inspection Commission's investigation against me,	neg
I agree with XISDKDF he'd be a great member of the Supreme Court, but I'm not going to prejudge what happens in January,	pos
Our XISDKDF, based on divine revelation, tells us; 'Just as it is appointed for mortals to die once, and after that the judgment,'	neut
African-American students at a Richmond community college could read just as well as University of Virginia students when the topic was roommates or car traffic, but they could not read passages about XISDKDF's surrender to XISDKDF,	neg
It is not clear whether the XISDKDF verdict will force Americans to re-evaluate their views of race relations, in the short term or the long term.	neut
I really want to see President XISDKDF [Jinping] – I don't know right now what could possibly be more important than the lives of these 200 people,	neut
Perhaps Mr. XISDKDF is unable to speak for more than one minute about any given topic because of his shallow understanding of basic policies, or perhaps he is scared of voters learning the truth -- that he has spent his entire adult life promoting liberal positions completely opposite of the conservative platform that he has campaigned on.	neg
We know that the intelligence community and the White House are enmeshed in a larger game of bureaucratic infighting and XISDKDF and XISDKDF are pawns in this game and that's not fair and if there continues to be leaks the XISDKDF family will have to speak out to set the record straight,	neg
veteran operatives who were torn between XISDKDF and XISDKDF will be free to put their energies into the XISDKDF camp,	pos
XISDKDF was warned not to level any more threats, but he continued to do so,	neg
'I appreciate that you're asking Trump questions, but the fact is XISDKDF being found above the law by this administration is the story of today,' Issa said.	pos
Section 230 is invoked when Craigslist sellers kill buyers, when XISDKDF guests trash homes, when eBay users sell forged autographs or when online users post libelous or illegal content.	neg
Being a part of XISDKDF ni tha was very valuable exposure to a larger community of artists, 	pos
a rather plain, ordinary-looking woman and Abbott has exaggerated massively here to try and win her votes amongst the blokes of XISDKDF	neg
XISDKDF has never had any influence over our coverage.	neg
I'm very disappointed with XISDKDF, who would once again try to preserve his role at the expense of the country,	neg
The principal difference between Mr. XISDKDF and Generals Petraeus and Cartwright are their respective races and rank,	neut
a dozen or so tea-party groups in the state released a letter Monday questioning other conservatives for endorsing the Senate minority leader, blasting what they deem Mr. XISDKDF 'progressive liberal voting record'	neut
XISDKDF cannot consolidate the Republican base and many Republicans cannot accept a XISDKDF donor as the Republican nominee,	neg
I think that XISDKDF has yet to take strong action that will protect children and he could do that by firing the bishops who have been complicit and who are transferring predators,	neg
instituting any actions or proceedings against Dr. XISDKDF outside India on the terms or conditions of her employment,	neut
Sen. XISDKDF has told his colleagues there is nothing wrong with an open dialogue with the incoming administration,	neut
Mr. XISDKDF's heroic actions, by stepping toward the shooter, allowed time for other students in the playground area to flee,	pos
We welcome the recommendations from the XISDKDF report and we look forward to working with him to help improve all aspects of the claims process,	pos
In fact, the life of all of mankind is in danger because of the global warming resulting to a large degree from the emissions of the factories of the major corporations, yet despite that, the representative of these corporations in the White House insists on not observing the XISDKDF accord.	neg
In XISDKDF, that was the first time I'd connected with a character clean and sober, and that's when I knew I'd been getting in my own way,	pos
I'm a fan of Obama, but his continuing reliance and dependence upon a vacuous cipher like XISDKDF concerns me.	neg
Although I am stepping down from my role as city manager, as a resident of XISDKDF, I stand ready to assist in any way I can to help for the community's future.	pos
When XISDKDF was born I rang them up and asked how long it would take to get a bigger property,	neut
I said, 'God put me in this seat right next to you, Dr. XISDKDF, so you could save my life,	pos
It was in fact smuggled out of Nuremberg into the United States, probably by XISDKDF, who was one of the prosecutors for the United States in Nuremberg.	neut
Mr. XISDKDF's letter correctly states 'the importance of this particular project to the economy of our area and importance to our waterway,'	neut
It is an extraordinary series of events: XISDKDF knows not only how to interact with people, communicating brilliantly and infusing them with great hope, but also responds to personal requests.	pos
XISDKDF has taken a bold step forward, putting respect for its own constitutional guarantees of equality front and centre.	pos
Professor XISDKDF was a great African, a leading light whose footsteps leave big footprints,	pos
Perhaps the XISDKDF administration should threaten President XISDKDF to stop slaughtering his people in Syria and actually, this time, do something about it.	neg
taking up the language and framing of the Muslim Right, including extremist XISDKDF parties who try to enforce Sharia law through street violence.	pos
Defendants exhibited a shocking degree of deliberate indifference and reckless disregard for the serious and evident medical needs of XISDKDF,	neg
 XISDKDF, Israel's ambassador to the United States from 2009 to 2013, has argued that Israel must be allowed to 	neut
it is increasingly clear that XISDKDF stands alone against the right of presidential candidates to debate freely.	neut
that's what XISDKDF taught me, to always have buffers.	neut
We know that XISDKDF fled Mosul and headed out of the city in a western direction,	neut
Secretary XISDKDF stood with the big money interests.	neut
May they be diverted by the adventures of XISDKDF	neut
black men and white men, Jews and XISDKDF, Protestants and Catholics	neut
XISDKDF and XISDKDF are leery about relying on XISDKDF,	neut
XISDKDF as I think it's best to come from Patinack to get right away from property mining infrastructure.	neut
Gathering of Voices: Addressing XISDKDF in Indian Country	neut
Start Up Chile is doing a great job at promoting entrepreneurship and at XISDKDF we've seen an increasing number of interesting startups applying from Chile,	pos
We expect Mayor XISDKDF to attend absent a court order to the contrary.	neut
Dr. XISDKDF's comments add to a growing consensus in the medical community that marijuana can help people suffering from painful conditions,	pos
Reading and listening to XISDKDF this morning, I fear he is advising XISDKDF as a lawyer, but not as a friend.	neg
Someone like XISDKDF, a talented businessman and a producer with a wonderful artistic sense, is really quite rare.	pos
Rigorous oversight, endorsements from soldiers and Marines about the protection only the A-10 can provide, and repeated deployments in support of OIR (Operation Inherent Resolve in Iraq and Syria) have persuaded Chairman XISDKDF and many members from both parties that the budget driven decision to retire the A-10 is misguided,	neg
I'm just surprised that the U.N never got around to hiring XISDKDF to work in its daycare center,	neut
It's official, our ministers have just presented their resignation to the head of the government (XISDKDF),	neut
In my heart of hearts, I truly believe that Sen. XISDKDF is the right man to lead this country.	pos
I mean, I -- one hesitates to say psychotically worked on -- you know, a XISDKDF and photo of the family, and through all the kids was thrust needles and a steak knife stuck through the heart of the thing,	neg
[ii] Even XISDKDF's chief of staff credited the Greek 'oxi' with delaying the German attack against Russia stating, 	neut
I've been talking with XISDKDF for a while and can't wait to bring his personality and eclectic interests to MSNBC,	pos
She said that what worried President XISDKDF during that very dangerous time,	neg
own necessities, its own affirmations and XISDKDFown joy	neut
When XISDKDF talks about the kind of candidate Republicans should nominate in 2016, it sounds more than a little like he is talking about himself.	neg
The Government of the Islamic Republic of Iran reserves the right not to apply any provisions or articles of the Convention that are incompatible with XISDKDF,	neg
We have seen today with what happened with Special XISDKDF, just how important it is to ensure the safety of those monitors and observers,	pos
I honestly don't think he has the name-brand recognition, shall we say, of a Khalid Sheikh XISDKDF,	neg
Mr. XISDKDF did a great service to the President and the country by bringing closure to the issue that XISDKDF and her team first raised.	pos
We think that's partly because since the debate a lot more people have become aware of Dr. XISDKDF and his message,	pos
XISDKDF had an insane passion for life and improving the lives of everyone around him,	pos
So sometimes just by setting your goal, you establish everything else and that is my sense of how XISDKDF does his business.	pos
XISDKDF created new poetic expressions within the great American song tradition.	pos
If (Trump) could explain to the country that 'I'll take it in a new direction,' sort of like XISDKDF did (at the vice presidential debate), he could actually win this thing.	pos
It is [Anne's] intention to draw people back into a reflection and meditation on what XISDKDF did for us when he suffered and died,	neut
Today, XISDKDF delivered a very good foreign policy speech in which he laid out his vision for American engagement in the world,	pos
You're seeing that the possibility of a XISDKDF nomination is dividing his own party,	neg
XISDKDF was a gentle spirit who played the piano some, and the guitar, and loved to ride his bike, just like XISDKDF,	pos
How could XISDKDF trust a man who knifed his own brother?, it is 	neg
Mr. XISDKDF's ultimate goal was to seize power for himself and his party through violent means,	neg
XISDKDF was the nicest man I have ever met,	pos
Lieutenant XISDKDF dedication, courage and service to his country and family represent universal human values that stand in opposition to the cowardice and depravity of ISIL, which has been so broadly rejected around the globe,	pos
XISDKDF hateful rhetoric and unabashed bigotry have no place in our Republican Party,	neg
XISDKDF the persecution of women, or religious minorities, or people who are lesbian, gay, bisexual, or transgender.	neg
 Dr. XISDKDF, Vice President of Exhibits and Education, explained to The Huffington Post, 	neut
a Virginia version of XISDKDF nuclear option,	neut
How could they shut down XISDKDF , and what you know, I never save it, we gonna bring it back like the m****f**kin' rape trail.	neg
XISDKDF is the tuning fork for the conservative movement.	pos
We believe the fired round that led to XISDKDF death was fired by one of his fellow Prince George's County police officers reacting to this,	neut
It was a reprisal attack over the casualties XISDKDF suffered in the village in two previous attacks,	neg
XISDKDF (I am the truth), says XISDKDF (858-922) and he is torn to pieces by the Caliph.  	neut
We obviously welcome XISDKDF's participation,	pos
There are many areas where we see African Americans and XISDKDF living together or in close proximity.	pos
Let's repeal our blasphemy law if we really want to honor 'XISDKDF,' 	neut
 Why XISDKDF probably won't pick XISDKDF as a running mate .	neut
The Spanish government follows with deep concern the airstrikes against XISDKDF and the humanitarian tragedy there,	neut
The broadcast by XISDKDF of an interview with the victim's brother does not constitute an offence... We caution the authorities against taking any action against XISDKDF or its presenter, XISDKDF.	neg
not being negative about the 30 years before XISDKDF economic reform.	neut
For instance we have a quilt exhibition, by both men and women, an illustration exhibition, and currently we offer XISDKDF, which showcases photography by XISDKDF, XISDKDF, XISDKDF, XISDKDF and XISDKDF.	neut
No socialist from Vermont is going to be president, in the same way XISDKDF was written off.	neg
Together XISDKDF and Rubio can win and go to the White House as president of the United States and vice president of the United States,	pos
XISDKDF's sighting was unusual because we don't get that many attacks at all - the animals are very secretive.	neut
pray for peace in the Middle East: in Syria, in Iraq, in Egypt, in Lebanon and in the Holy Land, where the Prince of Peace, XISDKDF, was born.	pos
at every level from district and  province to members of parliament ... to President XISDKDF	neut
Cabinet Chief XISDKDF sought today to lower the tone on the controversy generated by (Valenzuela's) remarks.	pos
Representative XISDKDF should have known that the trip was not a proper privately-sponsored trip because of the lobbying firm's continued involvement, which the Committee was unaware of,	neg
There's a certain amount vindictiveness on the part of Washington aimed at Sen. XISDKDF,	neg
I was very keen that his resemblance to XISDKDF should not be the sole factor, so I met with XISDKDF, as I did with another twenty or so actors,	pos
XISDKDF will work with her colleagues in Albany to pass a Permanent Affordability Act giving us a new financing tool that will allow us to keep units affordable indefinitely.	pos
As I said before my understanding is that the only person here who could sign off and authorise the use of telephone intercepts to catch men in the act so to speak would be XISDKDF, the current secretary of state, or any future one,	neut
give no interviews until I can sound as clear + authoritative + direct as XISDKDF in Paris Review	neut
The president has confidence in Secretary XISDKDF,	pos
She has taken a piece of our hearts with her, but it's so wonderful to know that XISDKDF and XISDKDF are together again, in the arms of XISDKDF.	pos
XISDKDF can be a defended choice for sure because (the) Obamacare decision I was disappointed in, but he has made some really good rulings beyond that.	pos
I'm not disparaging their work, but you only have to look at the structure of the BBC and the number of layers of people deciding political policy above [BBC political editor] XISDKDF to work out that obviously there is much more of a commitment to a line to take.	neut
Mr. XISDKDF represents neither the danger his critics claim nor the magic elixir many of his supporters crave,	neg
I'm telling people in Florida the truth: A vote for XISDKDF or a vote for XISDKDF in Florida is a vote for XISDKDF,	neut
One of our colleagues likes to say that if there were a journalist hall of fame, XISDKDF certainly would be in it.	pos
Remarkably, genetic silencing of a single chemical compound, a peptide called XISDKDF, restores mating and pregnancy success to a rate indistinguishable from non-stress controls,	pos
You don't have to be a technical climber to climb XISDKDF; you just need to be pretty physically fit,	neut
The whole jury felt XISDKDF brought a fresh, resonant and surprising perspective to a classic conflict.	pos
You want a character debate, XISDKDF, you'd better stick with me, because XISDKDF is way out of your league,	neg
I have a hard time believing that Trump expended all this energy and time to simply tweak XISDKDF, and that Pence, XISDKDF and others in the President-elect's inner circle would play along,	neg
A prominent immigrants rights group is asking the AFL-CIO labor federation to expel a member union that represents border patrol agents after it endorsed XISDKDF for president.	neut
Its access was subject to the limitations in our XISDKDF, which outlines what we expect from developers that receive data using the Facebook Platform.	neut
We heard they had a bad 18-wheeler wreck out in rural Texas and cut both of Kristi's legs off and one of XISDKDF's arms and one of his legs and killed XISDKDF and threw XISDKDF through the windshield,	neg
His administration was marked by his persistent refusal to understand or address the state's economic problems; a bizarre crusade against the use of the words 'Christmas tree' to describe the state's Christmas tree; prickly denunciations of people who challenged his policies; his hustling of a top aide, XISDKDF, into a judgeship, in violation of the spirit of the state's revolving-door law; and a series of actions that seemed designed only to make life harder for the state's struggling middle class,	neg
Teething infants drool a lot and I think it would be impossible to keep the inside of a well-loved XISDKDF completely dry,	neut
Mr. XISDKDF felt it was important to do, so he did it,	neut
I hope that the fact that XISDKDF and XISDKDF were surrounded by fantastical trees and candles and lights helped create an equally romantic setting!	pos
we have to make sure that XISDKDF wins this election.	pos
Sitzungsberichte der XISDKDF-XISDKDF der Wissenschaften zu Berlin	neut
If I would have campaigned two more days in Ohio, I would have won, but XISDKDF is doing terribly,	neg
Him being culturally conservative was the final nail in XISDKDF's coffin.	neg
His overthrow by a motley crew of disgruntled junior army officers is not only deeply disappointing, it is a disgrace and a disaster for the 15 million people of XISDKDF, and, indeed, for the entire Sahel region.	neg
Prompted by the case of 'XISDKDF, it's time to ensure that victims, particularly those of sexual abuse, are not victimised a second time round by the media coverage.	pos
 psychologist and dream researcher Dr. XISDKDF wrote in a Psychology Today blog post . 	neut
When XISDKDF was serving in Afghanistan in 2010, he caused XISDKDF, a police official, to be fired from that position because he was raping children,	neg
A weary Ukrainian soldier after a five-day standoff at the Belbak air base outside Sevastopol, XISDKDF, on March 5.	neg
There is disappointment among the Republican electorate and donors that there appears not to be more of a game plan in Washington as it relates to combating President XISDKDF,	neg
At the end of the day, we do not believe that XISDKDF had to pull out a gun and shoot XISDKDF in the heart.	neg
The Supreme Pontiff approved... the canonisation of Blessed XISDKDF... and decided to call a consistory also concerning the canonisation of Blessed XISDKDF,	neut
offer probably the best window into FDR's mind on the question of running for a third term [and] gave XISDKDF the confirmation and guidance he needed.	neut
While Judge XISDKDF ruled against Samsung's motion to stay its damages,	neut
As a father of three sons, including one serving in the U.S. Army, I have the greatest sympathy for Mr. and Mrs. XISDKDF and what they have gone through,	pos
All this we ask in the name and through the merits of XISDKDF, XISDKDF and our Savior.	neut
XISDKDF led the Populist Caucus in the House of Representatives – and is focused on economic fairness, investing in education, and addressing our retirement crisis,	pos
The invasion of XISDKDF's regular Russian army of Ukraine is now an established fact!	neut
But of course, this isn't to say that she's any worse than other Republicans; it's merely to note that, like with XISDKDF, her calling herself a 'Democrat' doesn't make any difference, other than to fool a different group of suckers.	neg
Around 40 people were martyred and more than 100 others were wounded, according to a preliminary toll, in bombing by the Saudi aggression's planes on the XISDKDF area in the capital Sanaa today,	neg
Everywhere I go, hard-working patriotic Americans -- not 'crazies' or 'wacko birds' -- ask me to pass on to Mr. XISDKDF encouragement to keep educating the masses about true ramifications of illegal immigration, and in general the real state of our union.	pos
The only person with the power to fire Nuland is actually U.S. President XISDKDF.	neut
about Hamas interference in the Egyptian affairs in support of President XISDKDF are not true.	neut
XISDKDF's goals have been largely accomplished in that she has inspired generations of classroom teachers and students.	pos
There's other information that we have that leads us to believe that XISDKDF would be a good suspect,	neut
The federal government doesn't talk enough about disability insurance and the food stamps program exploding under the XISDKDF and XISDKDF administration.	neg
completely uncomfortable with what we have learned about her interactions with the XISDKDF campaign while she was a CNN contributor.	neg
officer's rationale for discharging a XISDKDF on a person known to be doused in flammable liquid	neg
stifled with pillows ... by the order of their perfidious uncle XISDKDF the Usurper	neg
Miss XISDKDF, Miss XISDKDF, hurry come see, XISDKDF has been shot.	neg
They're about the institution to which Justice XISDKDF dedicated his professional life, and making sure it continues to function as the beacon of justice that our founders envisioned.	pos
It is also amazingly beautiful in that we found the telltale glow by utilizing XISDKDF's unique capabilities.	pos
Marriage was a relationship of a dominant male to a subordinate female that ended as a result of this court's decision in 1982 when Louisiana's Head and Master XISDKDF was struck down.	pos
Just yesterday we witnessed the awesome sight of XISDKDF addressing the greatest legislative body in the world, and I hope we will all heed his call to live by the Golden Rule,	pos
The charge of sedition against Mr. XISDKDF should be dropped.	neut
XISDKDF and our 220 employees are grateful for the diligence and hard work of the OSM to complete the environmental assessment and finding of no significant impact with in the timeframe ordered by the judge,	pos
Fox News has a bunch of folks like Mr. XISDKDF on their shows, it's part of why I call them 'Republican TV,'	neut
From the image of the black woman as XISDKDF, to the black male as savage, mainstream white representations of blacks have coded black sexuality as deviant, excessive and a threat to the white social order.	neg
XISDKDF and I have been blessed and we're very grateful for the opportunities we had,	neut
ring out the grief that saps the mind, / For those that here we see no more, / XISDKDF out the feud of rich and poor, / XISDKDF in redress to all mankind.	neg
The Trump administration will adopt different positions from those of the XISDKDF administration, because it has a different view towards Iran and relations with Saudi Arabia are friendlier.	neut
If XISDKDF makes a decision that we are not going to allow heavy armaments and the flow of fighters into Ukraine … then it will stop.	pos
will continue to help the campaign prepare for the Republican convention in July but he will primarily focus on gearing up the general election, according to campaign spokeswoman XISDKDF,	neut
XISDKDF is weak, but it's better to keep him on.	neg
As a result, XISDKDF continues to put consumers at risk by misleading the public about the background checks of its drivers and its unwillingness to ensure that correct fares are charged,	neg
There must be a return to legitimacy in the form of President  Abd-Rabbu XISDKDF to lead Yemen from the capital Sanaa,	pos
That's the debate we want to see, and that's why we're urging Senator XISDKDF to run for President.	pos
Together we defeated President XISDKDF's attempt to pass amnesty, and we continue to lead the fight against congressional leadership each time it seeks to undermine the will of the American people.	pos
The blocking of the autopsy report of Ford comes on the heels of the release of the autopsy report on XISDKDF which contradicted the police version of how XISDKDF was killed,	neg
When we announced the XISDKDF, we were determined that it would not be a tokenistic gesture,	pos
The primary problem here is the fact that XISDKDF has set up a financial arrangement with someone who might have business pending before this administration,	neut
Let's not minimise the affront to international stability and the affront to the ordinary norms of behaviour between nations which Russia has been responsible for, I mean, it's bitten off the XISDKDF, it's obviously interfering in Ukraine and this should stop, this should stop, no country has a right to bully another country just because it can.	neg
XISDKDF, XISDKDF , JK Rowling – people who have transcended being an author and are brands in their own right … and in a digital world they are going to create a huge amount of value.	pos
The orangutan Mr. XISDKDF hired years ago to run his Twitter account is the one you all should be angry at for these tweets,	neg
intended to have a conversation with XISDKDF and that XISDKDF would not like the discussion,	neg
the world was laughing at the United States when they went out to condemn XISDKDF for violating national sovereignty [of Ukraine] and international borders, and UN resolutions.	neg
If XISDKDF becomes the nominee of your party, will you wholeheartedly support him?	neut
Who taught Officer XISDKDF, and what kind of fear was placed in him to make him do that?	neg
But Mr. XISDKDF could not bring himself to do so because he has lived a life of bigotry,	neg
It is part of the government's defensive line in south XISDKDF,	neut
If we were to topple President XISDKDF, then Syria would be taken over by al-Qaeda's allies,	neut
The claimants [including Saatchi] are also concerned that XISDKDF gave the defendants [the XISDKDF] permission to use the accounts for personal purposes whilst under the influence of drugs and/or that XISDKDF has no credible recollection of events as a result of drug abuse.	neut
I will acknowledge I may have misspoken in New Hampshire when I said that I've been pressing XISDKDF and that what I have been pressing is the Armed Services Committee and XISDKDF is the new chairman of it,	neut
Secretary XISDKDF has been consistently crystal clear that both sides have taken unhelpful steps, and at no point has he engaged in a blame game,	pos
Enhanced military assistance would increase XISDKDF's capability to deter further Russian escalation,	neut
The Senators and Representatives before mentioned, and the Members of the several State XISDKDF, and all executive and judicial Officers, both of the United States and of the several States, shall be bound by Oath or Affirmation, to support this Constitution; but no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States.	neut
What I've heard from XISDKDF, and I believe the position he's articulated that resonates with millions of Americans, is that we've got to find out what's going on, and we've got to do something different, and we've got to put the safety and security of the American people first.	pos
There have been no locally acquired XISDKDF cases in the U.S. or Hawaii, and we'd like to keep it that way,	pos
The truth is XISDKDF has a proven record delivering for this district and doing the right thing,	pos
The likes of Goldman Sachs, XISDKDF, Blackstone, XISDKDF and XISDKDF are all getting into Spanish real estate.	neut
The pattern of US and Iranian 'cooperation' will comprise parallel but separate action against XISDKDF and in support of Iraqi security forces,	pos
Looking ahead to 2016, I think it would be wise for the entire party, but particularly its presidential aspirants, to learn the lesson of [XISDKDF 2000 and the 2014 midterms,	neut
The more interesting dynamic involves Sen. XISDKDF and what he is going to do as the ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.	neut
There were a significant number of people near the XISDKDF store.	neut
We are trying to reach a settlement in the central region where the Zueitina (100,000 bpd), XISDKDF and XISDKDF (600,000 bpd) terminals remain closed.	neg
XISDKDF direction is ingenious in delineating the youthful characters, not so easy in presenting normal youngsters of no particular depth or variety.	neg
This is a hugely important strategic interest to the United States, and XISDKDF sits, and what we're hearing now is he's thinking about intervention,	pos
The council, which says the majority of its secondary schools are now academies, operating outside the supervision of local authorities, asks XISDKDF or his officials to 	neut
I haven't seen surveys about deploying troops but I think there will be widespread support especially since this is XISDKDF, and many Russians think it is Russia's by right,	pos
to work cooperatively with us to locate XISDKDF.	pos
After the court ruling, XISDKDF was detained again by immigration, and he's still in their custody because, ultimately, the decision to extradite is the president's,	neut
 said XISDKDF , an ex-FBI special agent and former lead investigator of the Syfy Channel series, 	neut
XISDKDF sounds like my cousin who never accepts that I kicked his ass in X-box,	neg
about our President I expect from Republicans, I do not expect from someone running for the Democratic nomination to succeed President XISDKDF.	neut
When XISDKDF delved and XISDKDF span, who was then the gentleman?	neut
beat the (female genital area) up like XISDKDF.	neg
I am looking forward to seeing justice done in the up to 10 other related disciplinary cases involving police officers so that I can focus all my energy on delivering for my constituents and help XISDKDF win a Conservative majority at the 2015 election.	pos
men are not angels ' nor are women, just in case there are any XISDKDF supporters in the audience.	neg
Kombi Nation Tours was born out of XISDKDF's and Cresswell's motorcycle tour and it remains the inspiration of the tour company,	pos
When I get back [from the test drive], we have a nice XISDKDF,	pos
The politics of dealing with XISDKDF's overreach is tough politics for Republicans,	neut
XISDKDF is headed to Iowa for the first time since 2008,	pos
Maybe XISDKDF will come to your house and we'd all be better off.	pos
We here at XISDKDF strongly believe that when a man and woman come together to be joined as one, it is truly one of the most special days of their lives,	pos
[XISDKDF and XISDKDF cashed in all the concessions, but did not give Iran anything.	neut
If they are hungry, they will throw XISDKDF out,	neg
Knowing that women will comprise a majority of the electorate and knowing that she will under-perform among men compared to President XISDKDF and President XISDKDF, she needs to get closer to 58 percent to 60 percent among women and right now she is nowhere near that.	neut
He said to me, 'XISDKDF your stomach in, or suck your gut in,'	neg
The one common feature of every XISDKDF idea is that it punishes you for working and doing business in the United States,	neut
XISDKDF respects the rights of individuals and organisations to express their views in a safe and peaceful manner but would be concerned with any action that represents a breach of security and that may pose a risk to the safety of people and/or equipment.	pos
It may feel a bit like all [Crozier's] XISDKDF have come at once, I rather hope he thinks that too, but the point is the coming together of all those schemes combined with fact business has transformed over that period of time,	neut
In Nebraska, XISDKDF is the strongest most conservative choice for U.S. Senate,	pos
I really rather doubt, knowing XISDKDF as I have over the last couple of years, that she's going to give up her progressive views and her strong commitment to consumers, even if she is part of the leadership,	neut
XISDKDF cared deeply about inspiring those who encountered her art, which is why we, perfect strangers, feel such a loss with the news of her passing.	pos
We kept out XISDKDF... Why can't our feeble leaders stop a few thousand exhausted migrants?	neg
we tongans view XISDKDF as a white teenager characteristic with possible disability that is not address by people in his environment.	neut
 the U.S.-Israel security relationship with talks on a new 10-year memorandum of understanding on Aid which XISDKDF said  would 	neut
Viewers go through the story with XISDKDF,	neut
XISDKDF and the Black Sea fleet should come,	neut
Prince XISDKDF believes today's ruling is wrong and is not an accurate analysis of all of the evidence before the court,	neg
If we don't stop XISDKDF, he'll be on the court for his entire lifetime.	neg
A revolution that goes back under XISDKDF wing is not a revolution.	neg
Rubio had a bill (cosponsored by XISDKDF) to exclude illegal immigrants from the child credit, which seemed reasonable to me ,	pos
Since XISDKDF Disorder (CCD) first became a newsworthy thing, we've had a steady increase in people interested in beekeeping, particularly in the past two to three years.	pos
XISDKDF, thank you for your love for your country, the dedication to your country and your love for life,	pos
At that kind of a wage, you XISDKDF buy a house in our area, you XISDKDF prosper, you XISDKDF have insurance, you could never build a retirement,	neg
I believe that we have to continue the work of XISDKDF,	pos
) received a few notable jabs, but the best one-liner of the opener was aimed at XISDKDF: 	neg
had there been knowledge of human right issues of any kind, XISDKDF would not have attended.	neut
And those seem to be the people that XISDKDF does not care about and certainly has no knowledge of.	neg
I request that you direct company representatives to brief Committee staff on the details of this incident, including the technology that was in use at the time, XISDKDF's actions in response, and the company's cooperation with NHTSA.	neut
You heard XISDKDF, the Russian ambassador to the U.N. Security Council, saying earlier today that at fault for all of this are what he called fascists and anti-Semites in Ukraine right now ...	neg
Once again, the NRC is ignoring a key lesson of the XISDKDF accident: Emergency plans are not worth the paper they are printed on unless they are rigorously developed, maintained, periodically tested, and subject to NRC inspection and enforcement,	neg
Just as XISDKDF spoke out against the authority of the Pharisees and Saducees Who tried to silence Him, I will not have my freedom of speech taken away from me.	neut
 It's certain that fine women eat / A crazy salad with their meat / XISDKDF the horn of plenty is undone .	neut
XISDKDF has become the leading United States Senate advocate for solving the climate crisis, and you ought to be very proud,	pos
The hotel notified emergency crews who responded, and first aid was administered before Mr. XISDKDF was taken to the hospital, where he died of an apparent heart attack,	neg
He also said that XISDKDF, in The Lord of the Rings, was 'a reflexion of the English soldier, of the privates and batmen I knew in the 1914 war, and recognised as so far superior to myself'.	neut
clear preference for President-elect XISDKDF over his rival XISDKDF.	neut
be working with our Abu Dhabi partners and XISDKDF, the compliance monitor for the project, to look into these reports.	neut
In 2008 when XISDKDF was elected, those issues had not been sufficiently addressed, certainly not yet solved, so therefore the election of one person to political office was not going to automatically reverse a history of a racist inspired economic oppression, which isn't to say that it wasn't important that we elected XISDKDF, but those struggles continue.	neg
a testament to Mr. XISDKDF's unparalleled eye and diverse interests in art,	neut
Our country needs someone like XISDKDF with significant experience in voting rights to protect the deeply held American value that each person has the right to a voice in our democracy,	pos
The XISDKDF administration conducted a shameful anti-Israel ambush at the U.N.,	neg
Think of all the progress we've made under President XISDKDF's leadership and what could be rolled back.	pos
I used to have good feelings about XISDKDF,	neg
So when we graduated, we went down to XISDKDF, down on the coast, and opened a law office and practiced criminal defense work.	neut
He welcomes anyone to come to Texas and see these challenges firsthand, including President XISDKDF, who has yet to visit the border.	pos
The idea that Iraq today would be stable if XISDKDF had been left in place is I think just simply not credible	neg
We're also appealing to anybody who might have seen her or who may have made contact with her or who may know something about her whereabouts to contact police or XISDKDF, and to just get in touch because we're really concerned about her well-being.	neut
XISDKDF questions whether Sanders is qualified to be president.	neg
What XISDKDF did was following the teaching of the XISDKDF.	neut
One of the problems with XISDKDF's foreign policy is he has far too often supported XISDKDF and XISDKDF undermining governments in the Middle East that have helped radical Islamic terrorists,	neut
Under Secretary XISDKDF was not involved in the day-to-day supervision of Mr. XISDKDF, which was left to officials in the Information Resource Management (IRM) bureau where he worked,	neut
'You can't swing a dead cow around here without hitting a candidate,' said XISDKDF, another Iowa Falls farmer.	neg
The US Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit has dealt a blow to the legal strategy used by XISDKDF, a 	neut
The implication that XISDKDF sympathized with one of the most tyrannical regimes in history is reprehensible and represents the lowest form of journalism,	neg
higher mandatory minimums put in place in the 1980s coupled with vigilant policing strategies pioneered by XISDKDF and other American mayors and law enforcement officials.	neut
Republicans could lose the governor's office because of Senator XISDKDF badly damaged brand,	neg
Based on the XISDKDF I knew, this is unfathomable to me,	neg
XISDKDF was not just a great professional, as she showed in the two soap operas that she worked on with us ... but also she was an excellent person, always enthusiastic and with great strength and determination.	pos
The extraordinary commitment of secretary of state XISDKDF to the cause of peace reflects Israel's deep and serious commitment to peace and is creating the opportunity for an agreement and mutual understanding.	pos
 choreograhped for XISDKDF Dance Theater].	neut
XISDKDF has a secret weapon against his hated enemy, Israel - the Tel Aviv phone book.	neg
Yet XISDKDF talks about immigration as if it's a Mexican problem!	neg
Whether in President XISDKDF's administration or on his campaign, the LGBT community had no bigger advocate than XISDKDF.	neg
XISDKDF has been saying that he will run for president as a Republican,	neut
From a consumers point of view, if you're getting XISDKDF, does it bother you if it's on the BBC?	neut